[Music]
boom and we're live what's happening
baby what's up Joe Hawaii brother I'm
feeling great man thanks for having me
you're looking great thanks you're
looking rather large I threatened Joe
before the show I said you need to start
off and tell me how beautiful I am
strong and pretty is that your t-shirt
company yeah that's my clothing company
it's all through bunker branding and
basically that's this like a fist from
your face I'm afraid everyone's gonna
hear me breathe like a fat guy how much
did you do any cardio I do most
definitely yeah yeah if you watch
strongman on yeah so like when you pull
a truck that's 70,000 pounds you pull it
for a hundred feet with a harness
restraining your chest like like not
expulsion but your chest expansion
mm-hmm it's that's that's the hardest
cardio I've ever done I played football
for a long time so I mean yeah I can
only imagine but I was thinking that
like you have to have some
cardiovascular strength to do some of
those routines some of the some of the
different challenges you guys have to do
for sure and normally like worlds we'll
start with like what we call load medley
so you'll have normally like four
implements like you'll have two kegs and
two sandbags and the kegs will both
weigh 265 pounds and the sandbags will
be 330 that's what we did last year
which was fucking brutal but um you'll
have to load each one of them onto a
platform that's about 60 feet away so
you know if you get going it's not just
cardio you have to have diaphragm
strength to like if you've got a weak
diaphragm you're just gonna fold I've
seen guys blackout oh and I've seen guys
blackout at World's Strongest Man so
what is it how does it how does one
strengthens their diaphragm um what we
do the normal exercise we did it doesn't
really have a name it's just kind of
something we made up you'll lay on your
back and you take like a sandbag and put
it over over your upper abdomen and
you'll expand you'll push out really
hard and would you try and hold it for
like say it say like two minutes and you
learn to take tight little breaths while
flexing your upper abdominal abdominal
whoa I can smoke so you've got the
weight on you right and you just yeah
and you stay flexed and it's it's like
you know how you see fighters taking
punches like just keep tight same
similar thing and so like me I have a
big barrel gut like a big chest and gut
but like it's solid I literally get like
I'll brag a little bit i've got side abs
in the morning sometimes yeah actually I
gotta say this I the best compliment I
was ever given I put up a post and it
was me drinking coffee in the morning
just naked but like from like the hip up
and somebody gave me a compliment that's
actually comes from something you said
they said damn Roberts got a really good
dick route I think I've been too dick
route dick Cruz when those dudes I don't
understand what dudes do that they wear
their shorts so low that you basically
see the top of their cock see the route
they've got nothing else to show so
that's a weird weird move if you feel a
dick route that's all it comes up on the
dick bro this is a weird thing I mean
when did guys start doing I get girls
doing it I get it
right I just don't get guys pulling
their shorts all the way down low like
that seems like you're just asking to
get pantsed like I don't understand like
sagging I guess it like it comes out of
prison culture from what I heard but I
hate it now but I feel like an old man
cuz I used to do it as a kid used to sag
well I grew up in an area it was like it
was a very low income like area I don't
know how to say that politically correct
so uh like everybody was sagging yeah my
boxer shorts under no you have to you've
learned see when you start off with
tighty whities and then everyone makes
funnier than you like oh right so you
switch to boxes what a weird like style
yeah I ran out of that by the time I was
like 12 though he's like this is
ridiculous
well my problem is like if somebody like
grabs your pants like you're done like
you're gonna have to reach for your
pants and then they're gonna punch you
in the face like this is a tech you're
like asking to Europe you're like
at a handicap yeah you sound exactly
like my father right now exactly what do
you would say you're gonna get your ass
kicked
yeah I have friends that tried it like
even 10 15 years ago what guys my age I
was like what the fuck are you doing
that's too late don't the thing now is
skinny jeans and sagging which is like a
counterproductive way like it just
doesn't seem like it goes to go right
they're trying to combine styles they
don't understand what they're doing
right yeah well I mean if they've got a
good enough dick route then maybe that's
what it is like they just got to show
the quad like do you wear regular jeans
or do you wear like them the stretchy
type jeans these are challenging yeah I
love those man you can't go back to
regular jeans right once you wear like
rev towns or you know barbells or any of
those comfy you fuck all those regular
jeans you can't man now I mean I've
ripped so many jeans done sitting down
you know I think with your size like it
must be fucking so hard to just find
clothes right and no and I'm built
differently like my waist is like a 40
but my end seems like a 34 and so
normally like if you find a 40 waist
it's like a 28 or a 30 leg so it's like
four shorter like chubby guys yeah so
yeah you know still say fat guys and no
one gets mad have you say fat girls
people like hey yeah so am I so
insensitive the fat guys don't catch a
break fuck about fat guys deal with the
fat guys sometimes - that's a difference
like fat girls will pretend they're
happy they're fat but they're really sad
on the inside so there you go
but fat guys especially if they drink
they're like high-pressure Bert
Kreischer does not seem to give a fuck
that he's fat no he does not have a
problem with it no my shirt off the
moment he gets on stage doesn't get home
on daytime TV yes he doesn't people get
mad at him well if he doesn't take your
shirt off people make you lose your
shirt
dance monkey yeah take it off that's a
part of your gig it's like what's his
name a Gallagher without a watermelon
right no sledgehammer get the fuck out
who was speaking of him what are you
guys thinking for a sober October we
really haven't decided yet the burnt
wanted us to do some dance contest he
could suck my dick cuz he wanted to do
that so he could just win without
working hard I just take his clothes off
right no chance but notice how about
this what if they found a way to like
score a dance thing in a note like so
there is no judgement and it was like
points based on athletic types of
movements or something like that I'm
sure like the internet could come up
with a way that it's like because I
understand what you're saying and what
you're saying makes total sense about
how like you earn that shit you want it
to be regulated myself last year because
last year we literally were killing
ourselves yeah we were working out seven
hours a day
and I was just trying to grind those
guys in the ground I was like I'm just
gonna take you to deep water and see it
was awesome and I loved it I fucking
loved it I couldn't stop watching well
Bart was talking shit and that's when I
was like oh I cannot have this guy win
this is not gonna happen that's what you
fuck up
I knew Ari was gonna be a problem cuz
he's crazy Ari tried really hard hmm
but he doesn't have a lot of experience
grinding like that it is best hung in
there you're a vet with that shit yeah
Bert's trying to win this with fucking
style points he didn't fuck off no no I
think if if the if somebody can come up
with a way that dancing is like
regulated in a point system that does
nothing to do with people's opinion to
where like it's I don't know even how
you would do that where it's like
there's an athletic type of movement
that's required for this so learning
that takes this gives you that gives you
points that's the only way it would even
work what it wasn't based on someone's
opinion it's too much time - that's the
part of the problem it's like learning
how to dance like I did a movie once
zookeeper and I had to learn how to do
this elaborate dance with Leslie Bibb
that shit took forever it took weeks and
we and you were like constantly training
and drilling and going over the
movements and and I don't even like that
kind of like like if I'm doing martial
arts and I'm training I'm interested
that's like I love that I want to I want
to get better at it I didn't want to get
better at dancing I just wanted to be
over we just wanted to film the scene so
I could fucking relax ya know move on
yeah so I don't know what we're gonna do
we have
decided hmm we're all waiting yeah
that's I said we should have a hold your
breath competition Oh that'd be cool
yeah your water that needs practice I
mean I think you guys have you have to
add something in my favorite part of it
was seeing you be like nah fuck this
like we'll all go to the gates of hell
yeah that's me like if someone if some I
love talking trash right like that's my
thing and in strongman it's not very
popular like when I got it oh no they
don't
it's very old-school like you're
supposed to do your work not act like
you're supposed to get paid not act like
you're supposed to want any attention
not draw any attention towards yourself
really it's like it's like karate in
like 1960 oh my god you know be
respectful of the way and I totally get
that I understand that and it I mean I
don't think anyone can get to the top
echelon without having that respect but
it's it's ridiculous for people who've
never been at that on that on that level
to tell other people how they're
supposed to behave right if I want to
talk shit I'm gonna talk shit I thought
I was talking shit to you or just out of
class that's just what we do yeah it's
fun talking shit is fun and also it's
like I feel like that makes it more
entertaining and we want more eyes on
the sport exactly I mean that's what I
my argument about the UFC I always like
it when people talk some shit right and
and win or lose sometimes you have to
eat that like what the kid that Ben
Askren exactly a flatline brutal but I
mean he also took that on the chin he
put up a post like right after that like
well that's suck yeah he takes him
better than anybody he's got a great
personality
yeah massive it all said is not even
over listen he goes I don't like that
dude he goes if I see him at Whole Foods
he's getting smacked down oh shit
imagine the guy flatlines you with the
fucking fastest ever ko in UFC history
and he's promising you that if you're
looking for Brussels sprouts a smack in
the face yeah he already gave him two
extra shots to the face which by the way
people are giving him shit for its
that's his job yes it's go to the
referee stops you well especially when
there's a heated contest like that way
you talk so much shit and he insulted
Maz vidal's manhood he talked about this
in the ethnicity
we said a lot shit that really pissed
mom's butt all off right and he's like
why didn't he had a statement I was like
why is it okay to talk all this shit
online about me before the fight but
then after I knock him out I'm not
supposed to showboat I'm not supposed to
celebrate right the fuck I know if you
got a problem with it stop him winners
get to do what they want he's ice cold
man when he said and it's not over if I
see so intense Savage that was so
brilliant because Askren always grabs
your legs and if you kick that close to
him he's gonna think like almost like he
has to grab you right it's his instinct
and you saw him like I saw somebody put
a video up in practicing him he would be
rounded or bike out to the outside and
then acted as if it was gonna be just a
normal step and then it's two quick
steps on me oh and you see how stiff he
was before he hit I'm sure you saw but
damn he was still out what his head was
up and one leg was up I mean he was
staff though that was a right here at
here he is practicing yeah that was an
absolutely ko and it's the fastest ever
UFC ko at five seconds but really he was
out cold at two oh yeah yeah yeah I mean
he just took the rest of few seconds to
get there yeah whatever maybe three I
guess maybe I mean whatever it took for
him to run over there it seems like two
seconds who's like one one-thousand two
it's over oh yeah
fuck at least he got a lot of face time
before you got in the ring yeah you ever
thought about fighting his bigs you are
um I mean I I messed around with like
wrestling stuff and I work with John
Jones with the supplement company for a
while oh really
yeah and I know a lot of fighters I know
a lot of old school wrestlers I've got a
lot of like friends in the industry but
um I'm fucking both school wrestler
wrestlers or pro rest the pro wrestlers
sorry yeah yeah the totally different
thing yeah just it's so that would be a
great Avenue for you to write I did
think about that for a while - it's just
contractually it's just it's a shit show
I'm sure like injuries and all that
stuff - would take you out of
competition but plus they want my man
now I started and worked my ass off just
to get like a little piece of that pie
and when you go to the WWE or something
like that you have to step back all the
way all the way to the ground level you
have to earn your stripes and I
understand that but like I have I have a
son have a family I take care of people
I can't give up everything that I've
earned like basically breaking myself
for five years
breast to crawl back up and hopefully
you know end up where I am but you know
it's it's a cool thing I also almost a
big fan of wrestling when I was a kid
you know back in the day and uh you know
like I loved watching it got one of my
buddies right now a guy who was a strong
man with me
his name's braun strowman and he's in
the WWE he's a he's a badass so I loved
watching him do it sometimes
do you follow pooja now ski fighting in
MMA I haven't I haven't seen a lot of
his name and my stuff I know I know him
he's he's freakin crazy these fucking
people up to men he's he's really
getting better like when he first
started fighting he was just this giant
dude who was just swinging arm punches
and if he hit you he would fuck you up
but he got crazy and he decided to fight
tim sylvia who was a former UFC champion
and tim beat the shit out of him he was
horrible Wow like I don't know why he
thought he could beat tim sylvia tim was
washed up or older
oldest him now yeah well how long has he
been out of the game he's definitely in
his forties I don't know how old is Tim
Tims jaw yet now for today see that's me
I'm 400 pounds I can't yeah I cut both
my legs off to make 265 I think that's
so weird that they have a 265 cut off
because heavyweight is supposed to be
the biggest guy right like in boxing
remember that dude value of who fought
he who'd he fight me fight Holyfield he
was like seven feet tall his giant ass
Russian dude he was fucking enormous his
boxer but he was well over 300 pounds 7
foot tall it'd be skinny at 3 yeah but
he was big man he had giganticus or
whatever when you mean pituitary gland
tumor yeah what is that
see if you find that guy value of I
think he fought Holyfield
I think Holyfield beat him for the title
which is even crazier when you think
that Holyfield started his career at 109
he started his career as a Cruz
really 95 pounds I don't know that yeah
yeah that's it here's the guy look at
this Evander Holyfield and value of and
this is in 2008 look at the size of that
guy man I mean get the fuck out of here
he's so big man but I think when guys
are that big like with that giant Titus
or giant Titus it they're always hurting
like everything hurts your knees hurt
your elbows it's like you can't really
move that good yeah I know a lot of guys
under the giant was my hero of growing
out Lenny was like my first real hero
and I knew a lot of guys who had known
him actually met Rowdy Roddy Piper like
three weeks before he passed and it was
when a man Andre the Giant shirt and we
we got to sit in the VIP section at a
baseball game and he was badass man he
was so cool I wanted to get that guy in
the podcast and Tony hang stuff was
actually trying to set it up but then he
died yeah he used to go to the comic
store a lot yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah he
even went on stage a couple times there
yeah he would just tell stories man it
was awesome he was he was like one of
the first guys also to crossover in the
movies obviously Andre was first he did
a few yes possibly yeah yeah but he was
the star of they live remember that
which is a the Cotton John Carpenter
movie that's a great fucking movie huge
yeah so he was in that cool he was a fun
guy man yeah well actually um what I was
what we're doing the whole basically the
reason I was here to talk about TV show
this next season season two we're gonna
do we so i'll start over we the whole TV
show is based on us doing acts of
strength throughout for strong men
throughout history so what is the name
of the show called history strongest man
and strongest man this is an ESPN show
it's on history history that's awesome
so um one of the episodes is next season
we're hoping to do is Andre the Giant
which we're going to talk about but what
we do is we travel to where a historical
strong man lived or where he did this
famous feat of strength and we we
recreate those feats of strength and we
kind of talk about who they are as
people and stuff and bring the light
like a lot of the cool aspects that most
people lose so it'd be cool to you know
take somebody like Andre the Giant and
meet with his daughter and figure out
like little parts that people haven't
really paid attention to and bring that
to light mm-hmm we did one of my
favorite episodes we did was this guy
Peter Francisco who was he was born in
it was think it was Columbia I'm
mistaken Pierre didn't Cisco there we go
the Virginia giant and Portugal there
you go so he was born to like a wealthy
family and was kidnapped and sold as a
slave and he ended up in in America and
at 16 he signed up to fight for in the
Revolutionary War
he was six foot seven six foot eight
just this giant of a man
especially seventeen said well yeah
there was nobody that big back then you
know like a lot of people don't realize
Jack Johnson former heavyweight champion
who they called the Galveston giant I
think he was only six three or six torso
up Jack Johnson see how big it was
towered over everybody else he fought
yeah like Rocky Marciano was 185 pounds
189 pounds like somewhere around there
sir says he's only six foot tall but
what that's what Google puts popped up
from his like Wikipedia hmm I think he's
a little taller than that but he was a
giant back then right they called him
the Galveston giant well everybody was
so poor then they didn't have any food
right you know the turn of the century
know everybody that's crazy that's crazy
Louis was six to Jack Dempsey 61 Wow and
Marciano I think was 5 10 5 times
believe is 5
I think Marciano is 510 185 pounds it's
crazy because Jack Johnson towered over
everybody was fucking everybody up I
mean it's a food thing man no one had
any fucking food back then if you look
at the size of the people that fought
during the Civil War they were tiny ass
people right like really time like 125
pound men I don't even go back further
all the skeletons picture him like
they're making it out like he's giant
like look at the picture on the right
look look at his back his is pretty
direct yeah sure when he's jet
definitely jacked for I mean look he's
he's big but I mean in comparison to a
real heavyweight today like if you put
him next to Anthony Joshua
right you know like Josh would be tower
Deontay Wilder was six was he six seven
yeah yeah or Francis in Ghana
you know big giant dudes real legit
giant dudes people weren't that big back
then so that guy the wrestler the the
Portuguese guy that must have been
unbelievable to see someone that big
back yeah yeah and what was cool is like
there's a lot of cool things that you
find out like George Washington had a
quote on his gravestone that was said
that there were several battles that we
would not have had to go the same way
and we don't know if we would have even
been able to win the war if it wasn't
for him I was a one-man army and for
George Washington to say that that's
huge that's crazy so it was cool to get
to talk about him and all the things he
had done and bring you know show a
little love for a guy who I'd never even
heard of yeah and like there was the
story he was on the battlefield and he
was pulling people off of horses and
like basically beating him to death
because we ran out of bullets and then
he goes marching up towards this guy who
pulls his musket out to shoot at him and
the musket misfires he takes the musket
from him and beats him to death with his
own musket oh my god stuff like that or
when the when the battle was over they
had a cannon stuck in the mud and this
is one of the feats of strength that we
did they had a cannon stuck in the mud
and he didn't want the British to end up
with it so he just yanked the thing off
of the wheels puts it on the shoulder
and marches off with it how much did it
weigh
it depends depends on the story that you
believe when when we went I don't want
to get too much into it but when we went
that's the biggest question was because
anybody who's ever lifted a bunch of
weight and thrown things around it's
like that sounds pretty crazy because
cannons can go from anywhere of like
like a normal field cannon will be like
300 pounds but they've got field cannons
from that era that are a thousand pounds
and and depending on who tells the story
that's what you fed will we try and
figure out whether the fuck would you
even get that on your shoulder if it's
in the mud so you're standing the mud so
you don't have a firm ground to push off
against right so we're in the park or
squashing around the mud and you got
this giant cannon you're trying to throw
in your shoulders no handles fucking a
man and right after a battle - the guy
was the guy was a savage it was it was
really cool and like afterwards he he
up a wealthy man was taken care of you
know and it was it was a really cool
story so it was I was like actually
pretty proud to get to tell that one and
that's awesome a lot of them were like
that how did you get involved with doing
strongman competitions I played football
I played football for a long time and
then you know football was done with me
and basically I was just I didn't want
to have a real job just to be totally
honest I'm not a nine-to-five sitting an
office guy I think anybody is I don't
think so either I really don't know it's
terrible way to live and so there's
people listening right now they're like
get out yeah well you can get out I'm
telling you I can one of my best friends
to quit his job and come with me to
China for a week and then of course you
have to struggle and find your way but
then after that it was it was the best
thing he's ever done yeah definitely
better off being a nomad yeah just find
something you feel better you know
exactly like I was talking to a friend
of mine today about Thailand about it
like when I went to Thailand last year
kind of like reshaped my idea of like
what makes people happy because
everybody over there is wearing
flip-flops and fucking shorts everything
is real cheap foods real cheap
there's no extravagance and everybody's
happy and like my friend John Wayne
Party says it's the Land of Smiles
that's what he calls it mm-hmm and I was
like okay he lived there and trained
there for a long time but I'm like well
I didn't get it until I went there and
like god damn it everybody's happy but
you'll drive by you'll see like a
fucking kid a baby sitting on the gas
tank of a motorcycle while guys drive in
and the lady's behind him and she's
she's holding on to the guy's waist and
he's like got one hand on the handlebars
in one hand on a baby and I'm like what
in the fuck am I saying they're wearing
flip-flops
you know and they're just everyone's
happy I only been to Thailand but it's
like that in parts of China like rural
rural parts of China it's a lot like
that I've seen like people tied to each
other on a on a motorcycle bill burr
sent me a fucking horrible video
yesterday of this guy these two guys are
riding like assholes on a bridge like
with motorcycles weaving in that track
and one guy loses control of the bike
and he hits the cement barrier on the
edge of the bridge and then goes off the
edge oh my god yeah just watch it bang
when he flies off oh it's like all I've
been seeing the last week - we just did
this here it is Jamie God already
Jamie's the fastest Googler in the West
you're on it see these guys are fighting
look at this oh he touched - yeah you
see him put his foot down and try and
collect himself watch yeah and watch
when you see when they pull over and you
get to look at how far this motherfucker
dropped like he's done that's a guy's
got a word on his pockets of course it's
florid it looks like it sure it's
Florida fucking assholes
Florida probably landed right on an
alligator now shoot up yeah I read a
story in Florida but Tampa called it of
course ma'am ass man I was there for two
weeks I was scared shitless the whole
time I've been everywhere it's Florida I
was like paying attention to everyone
everything fucked up happens there they
they just issued a shoot-to-kill
on iguanas they're trying to get people
to kill as many iguanas apparently
there's so many iguanas there that
they're digging holes under bridges and
roads and roads are collapsing yeah
buildings are collapsing look because
they're digging they're digging trenches
under the foundations that's so crazy
and they're big like five feet long what
do you got what's the smile on his face
Florida guano hunter mistakes pool boy
for wanna shoot them get your shit
together guys come on not going to
happen my sister lives the floor she's
probably listening to this Laura get out
of there run run for your lives
it's a fucking goofy place to live man
it really is it's so crazy it's a goofy
place to live but for people like like
chaos and party and it's fun yeah that's
what it's all about
yeah my friend Billy Corbin he made
cocaine Cowboys 1 & 2 fuckin loves it
down there mm-hmm and he's a smart guy
and he lives in Miami and
just fucking loves it he enjoys the
chaos yeah I mean I guess if you can
separate yourself enough that you don't
feel crazy on the inside I don't know
how you can I couldn't do that here in
LA like I mean la is not even a quarter
of that but like I lived in Playa del
Rey and a Sherman Oaks for two you have
two and a half years I was like I gotta
get the fuck you know what the problem
with this place is there's so much
instability because there's so many
people that want to be something other
than what they are right that's a big
part of this place where is that you
live in Texas now yeah those are just
those are people those are real people I
fucking love Texas there there are
people they don't have any illusions of
becoming famous from some fucking
reality show or if they do they're the
anomaly they're not the norm out here it
seems like everybody but not everybody
but a giant percentage of the people
that came here came here with some dream
they came there some dream of being an
actor some dream of being famous some
dream of you know of making it and then
they got jobs and so there's like weird
instability and this this need for
acceptance and this need for recognition
and you know you go to Montana you don't
get any of that get regular people you
go to Colorado
well Colorado is now filled with stoners
Colorado things now it's getting a
little different yeah well now now that
the shrooms are all illegally yeah
what's gonna trying to bring in wolves
my friend Johnny Hamilton told me
they're trying to bring it they're
trying to stop mountain lion hunting and
trying to bring in wolves really yeah
what yeah well they brought in wolves in
the 90s to Yellowstone I remember and
that was really lovely right well it
depends on who you ask the wildlife
people think it went really well because
it did a lot of great things in terms of
like it preserved a lot of plant species
that were getting decimated by elk and
deer the problem is like it happened so
quickly that the elk and deer really
didn't understand what was going on
until they were decimated right and they
you know in some places they've lost
more than 50 percent of their
populations but then other people say
that they really should have never been
that high in the first place it's hard
to understand who's because like you try
to be objective but you know I hunt and
I eat a lot of elk and deer so for me I
from hunters that it's a terrible thing
but then you hear from people that are
concerned with balance and wildlife
ecology and a balanced ecosystem they
think it's a good thing and so it's a
very it's very controversial they don't
think there ever should have been these
giant herds of elk you know like a
thousand elk in the field they think
that's on you that's unnatural
and that's akin to what apparently what
they experienced when a lot of the
Native Americans were wiped out by
plague when the European soldiers
arrived when they talked about these
great herds of Buffalo like millions of
Buffalo they think that the reason why
there were so many Buffalo was because
like literally 90% of the Native
Americans were killed by European
disease right and so these Buffalo for
the that during that time period that
happened they just bred like my friend
Dan Flores wrote a book on it
really really interesting shit because
most people just assume that that's just
how it was back then the Buffalo were
everywhere and then the white man came
shot all the Buffalo but apparently the
Buffalo were only all over the place
because the white man came and gave
diseases to the Native Americans right
it's fucking nuts man so the balance
issue so I don't know if it's a good
idea to bring wolves around people that
are on mushrooms either fact that - if
it was me I'd try and pet it I'm
reaching out to the forest our friend of
mine she lives in a place in the
mountains above Boulder and there's
mount lines in my neighborhood like when
I was living up there a mountain lion
ate my fucking dog and she she was like
well I just set my intention when I go
into the forest and I left the forest no
I embrace it I'm here for you she was a
yoga instructor yeah she might be she
might be a little crazy rest in peace
she's still alive apparently still alive
yeah namaste mountain lion yeah yeah
that worked out great for Siegfried and
Roy right there's already cut the
Colorado already has some wolves that
have been in Colorado they're they're
entering in the fringes and from other
areas where they're they're present like
my oming you know in Idaho there's
there's wolves there neighboring
Colorado that will eventually make their
way in the car
righto if they give it enough time the
reintroduction of wolves the issue with
that is like its abrupt and the animals
might not know what's going on and they
also make a lot of money off of their
hunting like the the tags and all the
the economy that comes from people that
hunt there Colorado's a big hunting
State mm-hmm so it was a last I heard it
was those there was the big arctic
wolves they were bringing into Montana
right yeah they're bringing in from
Canada into Montana okay but they're
just wolves like it's weird it's weird
is it gray wolf fur it's a gray wolf you
know it's it's just a wolf it's like but
they are bigger when they live in colder
climates because it's a mammal thing
like mammals like deers if you like a
deer in Texas South Texas a deer a big
deers like a hundred plus pounds 150
pounds whereas if you go to Saskatchewan
if it's cold as fuck those deer like 300
pounds when they're fully grown like a
big males like a 300-pound deer which is
crazy
yeah I'm more than double the size but
it's because of the cold right I never
thought about that make sense I love
Texas well party you live in I'm a New
Braunfels which is right outside of San
Antonio oh nice I've never been in San
Antonio it's nice man a San Antonio is a
cool City we're actually right between
Austin and San Antonio oh that's great
oh it's perfect weather's like that
Riverwalk area supposed to be dope
that's cool I mean that's like the
tourist thing you know it's like what
they do it's like going to see the
Hollywood sign like there's if you if
you want to have a good time just let me
know when you come on Texas and we'll go
do some redneck shit
well my Brent my friend John Dudley was
just there with the black rifle coffee
guys yeah and they went to some ranch
that's just outside of San Antonio that
the fucking astronauts used to go to mmm
he said these photos of Neil Armstrong
with a fucking deer that is a uniquely
American place like when other I think
when other people think of America they
really think of Texas most people I mean
I know if they're thinking America
they'll say that it'll be Texas but if
it's if it's like Hollywood they'll say
California you know right those are the
two let some people like every once in a
while think New York but I think when
people think about like crazy
gun-toting screaming
at football you know like that's Texas
yeah guarantee yeah 100% dry products
what it's a fun place yeah you know a
lot of fun lot less regulations a lot
more self self accountability you know
yeah well they have fucking zebras and
giraffes and shit everywhere they're
loose yeah running around I work with um
with a but just became a credited zoo
that works a lot with confiscated
animals like they've got hundreds of
animals that basically some redneck was
like oh I'm gonna have a white lion
can't take care of it so they take it
this is folks who walk they've got hi in
this abandoned house and they were in
the house in Texas and they're wandering
around this house smoking weed and they
walked into a room with a fucking tiger
in a cage oh they call the police
please come and rescue this fucking
tiger but this was an abandoned house oh
shit oh my god yeah there's a just I
mean they weren't sure like here you
find it here oh you got these goddamn
pop-up ads they're getting craftier and
crafts here with these pop-ups and then
you don't know if like clicking exits
gonna download something Texas man look
at this Texas man enters abandoned homes
smoke weed finds tiger and starts fuck
yeah he said it was in a Reiki Day cage
in the homes garage but that's weird
when you treat animals like property you
know when you can just do whatever you
want with them and that's how Texas
that's how Texas views exotics anything
that's not like if you're if you have
white-tailed deer in Texas they have
pretty liberal tags like you can shoot a
good number of them but you have to get
tags right but if you have like a black
buck which is a African animal or an eel
guy or something like that you choose
many as you want right yeah they just
you do whatever you want you sell them
to your friends what does it say it was
secured only with a screwdriver and a
nylon strap I hope this guy got some
kind of fuckin punishment the guy who
owned the fucking house yeah as a dick
man yeah that's a beautiful tiger yeah
something really fucked up about seeing
Tigers locked up I I don't even like the
fact that they feed them I mean I feel
like you just let some loose in there
yeah that's what I was saying yeah
that's what I was saying but from what I
was rolling yeah exactly
what I was told was that that was just
not PC like it wasn't acceptable
I'm sure do you do you ever see the
footage of when the US soldiers overtook
Baghdad they had they had zoos and
Baghdad and what they would do is that
the Lions knew it was happening so they
would let these goats out and these
goats would be wandering around and then
they would open the door and the Lions
would sprint cuz they knew exactly what
this is feeding time oh these goats had
no idea they let the goats out and the
goats like oh just hanging out being a
goat and then they would open up this
fucking door and US soldiers filmed it
oh and these Lions just make this
fucking mad sprint to these goats and
just Mahlum and that's how they ate huh
people shouldn't be pissed that's what
it is
if you watch a fucking you want you go
and see a parrot eatin seeds
that's what it eats right you know
may-maybe really identify with seeds and
you feel like it's brutal murder murder
of seeds yeah that lion wants to do that
that's what makes them a lion it makes
him happy and it's it's what they have
to do you know it's like there's a lot
more people getting published it's not
publicity but there's a lot more people
showing that side of things at least I
was we were talking about right before
we came on there's this Instagram page
called nature's metal take it down for a
while you know he got back up but he has
one of the very best pages but how can
you take it down that's all he did he
didn't he had nothing to do with any of
those situations it's not like he like
had some kind of ulterior motive and
came in and put these animals in the
situation that's just reality teen
instagrams cracking down hard lately
I don't understand it they take all
kinds of stuff down for virtually no
reason hmm it's weird
all these someone Isis to complain
enough and they'll take it down yeah
they need to get that fixed way it's
instead of like a
I understand it's a lot all right it's a
little lot of people so having a
computer regulate that just doesn't work
no it's not just a computer regulate
that if someone can target you like say
maybe you could be doing something and
they just decide you're offensive and
then just start like make a targeted
campaign to complain about your content
yeah yeah so one of those tattoo girls
she got a hurt her post removed just
having her hand above her crotch like
covering her crotch her legs spread and
showing all their tattoos and they took
down her page like she's but she's
covered up makes no sense
I mean shows that pants on but you can't
see anything all right fuck are we doing
Samaritan serving legs fuck kind of shit
is this Texas I need to open the new
Instagram what's that oh it's different
than what nature's medal is though he
might have got in trouble for taking
like photographers copy written works
and read it's not differently because
she's wildlife she's being blonde that's
her natural habitat yeah she's a friend
of mine yes communist copyright laws at
what point if like you know YouTube some
stuff is good even on Instagram some
stuff they let go and some stuff they
don't at what point are people supposed
to understand what is okay and what is
not okay yeah it's horrible you also
have to think of it how many people are
on Instagram let's just guess I don't
know let's guess how many people you
think I'm not either but fuck let's see
we think a hundred million more probably
close to a billion 500 million like it
somewhere in that range I would say all
right I'm gonna go with 300 million 300
million and one please what a billion
yeah how many people are on Instagram 1
billion people use Instagram every month
Jesus cry but that's 1 billion use yeah
that are on that don't even use it so it
could be like - does that include the
Russians
one bill yeah it's a lot Jesus Christ
that's crazy
well Twitter still lets porn happen you
can still have porn on Twitter what did
I say it's just because it has a 18 plus
like warning or something like doesn't
even my feed i-i'll be scrolling through
my feed like I got to make sure my kids
don't ever grab my phone they're looking
through my phone at film I hate that age
they might be in there though because
when you sign your account you say how
old you are
Oh Elton the system there's a lot of
those things are protections for people
that are under 13 you know I don't know
why there's that internet rule but like
there is some government protections
they need to be watching out for the
minors that are online and that makes
sense but does that is that the case
with like you porn or places like that
you just go there I don't know mmm but
come on you don't know anyway I don't
know where that why if the kid like a
kid knows let me know it is yeah
underline it mystic you point which
because how do you get there's a browser
no two browsers
well when the virtual porn fucking world
opens up that's when things gonna get
very squirrelly Duncan said it's too
real Duncan had a HTC vive and he was
watching porn with the the helmet on
which I only want to be a fly on the
wall
watch I'm standing there beating off
looking at a 17 foot tall vagina in
front of him how good it would be the
next step and those are here so yeah
like if they you've synced it up yeah
those that mean I've done that that
place we talked about the void you ever
do a virtual reality place I haven't
it's pretty dope they have a new one
that I just saw in Vegas that some new
one that was looked like you're going to
warehouse and you're shooting at things
but you you put on this helmet and you
enter into this room and there was two
different ones that I went on one was a
Star Wars one and one was a wreck it
Ralph one and it's crazy man you look
around I mean the entire thing is
animated like you're above you below you
you see the ground you see stormtroopers
they shoot at you you feel the the laser
beams hit your chest because
wearing a Vasa don't like vibrates when
you get hit you walk into a room where
there's fire and you feel the heat it's
good it's getting really interesting
when you're in that like say this room
was empty would you walk around as if it
was like an entirety of the entirety of
the room yeah you could walk or they
have it set up so that they have rooms
that you go into where you open doors or
doors open for you and you see the door
open like in virtual reality but a real
door does open while that fake door that
you're seeing opens and then you go into
it and then they have these plastic guns
that you pick up your so you actually
pick up the gun when you're holding it
it looks like a stormtrooper weapon you
know a Star Wars weapon that's cool it's
getting weird
it's gonna it's gonna be weird but but I
think what's interesting is like that
kind of stuff is so much less satisfying
to bring it back to like what you do
then like something that you have to
really work for and it's really
difficult and it's a very visceral real
feel like the feeling of accomplishment
you get when you do something virtual
we'll never be able to compare right
with the the feeling that you do when
you do a physical visceral thing when
are you feeling in your fucking bones
yeah you feel it you know i when i was
doing world Strongest Man in Botswana
Africa I tore my bicep and I just was
getting beat up over and over again I
was just so wrecked my body wasn't
accepting is that I went from football
to strongman and in football we've never
done deadlifts it was all hand cleans
and power cleans which by the way just
quick little tip that deadlifts the fear
if you're dead lifting to be about a
deadlift or fine if you're not doing
that for deadlifts sake then don't
fucking do it the risk to reward ratio
is a joke for deadlift for dead lifts
really a lot of people aren't gonna like
that I'm saying that but if you go into
any NFL gym in any Division one college
football gym in any athletics where
people are actually getting paid and it
matters what they're doing they're not
dead lifting we are they're hand
cleaning and power cleaning why is that
is the rich to reward ratio like there's
it's so hard to be a great dead lifter
and to not risk your low back and
to be using your upper back properly and
you know just there's so many little
chances for you to get hurt you know
hamstrings telleth that was that was me
my first world Strongest Man I was the
only rookie in the finals bro China how
much weight is that that was 880 pounds
for me and my pink chucks and your I
weigh less than that now I'm less of a
bowling ball though yeah yeah wow that
well they made those weights
ridiculous-looking too right well none
that right there is something we
overhead press to so they'll take some
of the weights out of it and it's so
flimsy when you clean it it's like
basically like holding that earthquake
bar that you how about that oh really
it's just like that and it's it's
fucking brutal
so they take weight out of that round
thing yeah what is in that round thing
there's well there's several different
attachments to it so maybe some of them
weigh different I've never like been a
part of that but like either that or it
unscrews at the end and they take
weights out of it I'm not positive so
you leave the NFL or you leave playing
football and you were you in the NFL no
I had a brief shot at it never it never
actually got to do it now I was so what
what kind of transition like what is the
transition to give me the strongman went
from that to I was a security guard in
Santa Cruz this place called the
catalyst which is where I worked for
like six years
it's a really cool bar slash concert
venue so I was like spoiled I got to
hang out with Rob Zombie and willing
really yeah it was I'll spoil Rob Zombie
I geeked out really hard for it that's
dope it was fun yeah we're working on
getting him here dude he'd be awesome
yeah it was really cool I'm sure he is
he's really in a horror movies man dude
and he does the best one yeah I love
this horror movies man they're wild I'm
a huge fan huge friend
he's like the Quentin Tarantino of
horror yeah it's awesome but it's such a
weird transition you know yeah I go from
being a rock star to a horror film
director he's just crazy and mad and his
brother is actually the lead singer
Powerman 5000 really yeah Wow family so
did I went to security and I was working
there and a buddy of mine who I'd played
junior college ball with was just
obsessive strong man and
I've never heard of it I never watched
it like when I was growing up we were
poor like there was ten of us in a
three-bedroom house and from high school
on like we didn't have electricity so
like we didn't watch TV we would play
outside we had a trampoline you didn't
have electricity in high school on the
weekends my dad worked for Caterpillar
catchment equipment so on the weekends
he'd bring home a little generator and
he'd plug that in and we'd have like
three things we could use but that was
that like the hot-water heater would
work for the weekend and then like maybe
the TV on Saturday night or something
like the TGIF aha but I mean it wasn't I
mean as a kid it's not that big of a
deal you know like you just go play with
your brothers outside right so but like
I never knew what strongman was because
of that I mean I'd had no idea so he was
obsessed with it and he kept trying to
get me to do it and then went home and
googled it checked it out actually I
don't know if it was Google I'm out of
YouTube it back then was who knows what
we had but um you know I I was excited
to went and tried it out and first day
the amateur world record at log press
was like 320 pounds at the time and I
had no idea but the first day I hit 330
pounds and just put it down and I looked
over my buddy and I was like you know
how'd that look and he's like get the
fuck out of here like he's been trying
his whole life to do this just came in
and took it and then eight months later
I mean six months that I was competing
in England and I had my pro card two
months after that I was in China at that
photo right there what's wrong man that
was the only rookie in the finals so is
it the log thing is it the the
awkwardness of like holding on to a log
and getting it under your hands yeah and
it's actually it's a lot healthier for
your shoulders instead of mean how would
you call that with your hands right
there instead of pronated yeah we're the
worst I like it my trainers use that
those guys got shit together it's fat
dude eating french fries so yeah I mean
so it's better for you it's much better
for your wrists and your shoulders and
and also like that's what my hair goes
Jaime Shauna's pronated grip Suppan ated
grip so yeah
neutral grip is much better for your
wrists and shoulders hmm okay like so
handles like this they say that with
benchpress as well yeah like those
benches that they have new bars the bars
forg yeah awesome
yes Road makes good equipment yeah I use
all their shit my house in here no no
they don't pay me it's not free I buy
all of it same here I don't want them
either but they're the best yeah it's
the best shit so um we went to Worlds
and then oh yeah I totally lost the
whole game so you won but first of all
you beat the fucking world record log
press that's not your world record
amateur amateur whatever yeah that's
hilarious
yeah so it was good much and there's the
pro record right now the American
records been mine for four years and
that was 211 kilos and that's what is
that pound fucking 468 but further like
that this you hears me yeah this is an
Australia in front of Arnold Jesus how
do I know was there yeah sure that's his
competition this is my competition this
is so this is a log press right here yep
that's a skinny log - this was a hard
log to use but this was a buddy of mine
had that record and he passed away and I
wanted to be the one to take it from him
after he dead and that was this moment
Jesus Christ that looks heavy and you
show me show off a little bit - I like
to do this after I get it up Wow so
that's the world record my American
record who's the world record the world
record I like to hold it up there and
talk shit every time you see a record
broken the guy gets it to hear and then
he just throws it down right well I
don't count doesn't count so the world
record is two hundred and nineteen kilos
I believe something like that something
something right around there it might
have been to 220 how close are you that
I can I can break it right there yeah
well in January Robert I'm going to
London I'm gonna give London a little
introduction to Texas what do you call
it Texas pride and Texas power that's in
for sure Wow I'm excited so you go and
you break the American amateur record
right away first first attempt out and
is that when you felt like fuck
to do this shit yeah I went home and I
told my my fiancee at the time we were
living in a studio and we were just
broke and I was volunteer coaching and I
was for high school which is my passion
in high school football and then I was
working at that Club at night so I
didn't have a lot of time but I was like
I can make this happen like with with my
personality and this is a platform I can
do this and everybody kept telling me
there's no money in strongman there
isn't any and there really wasn't there
wasn't like there was no money in
strongman until I made money and strong
ran like really brought it in to there
were several other people but like what
we did was we cultivated a whole new era
of strongman was before like even like
pooja now ski was a guy who got a lot of
attention cuz he looked just shredded
yeah jack but I mean if you if you he's
got like a cribs episode that they did
in Poland and he's got this tiny little
house with like little knickknacks and
stuff he's so proud of it's really weird
it's crazy but like like even then he's
five-time world Strongest Man winner but
there's really no money in that I
thought he was been balling out of
control you would think so I know who he
is I feel like if I know who you are and
you do something on TV you must be rich
exactly that's the rapper's the display
yeah I'm flying in first class and then
you catch little bow-wow in the back
well I remember one of the weird things
that I read about butcher now skis how
much candy heeds huh
yeah and that he really likes candy in
between workouts because he's blowing
out so much sugar then he would eat
chocolate bars I make sense yeah we do a
lot of like I do peanut butter and honey
like that during competition peanut
butter and honey our Snickers bars
really yeah yeah but when you peanut
butter Anne how do you eat with a spoon
like what do you usually make the
sandwiches I see guys just pouring honey
in their mouths like the Russian guys
there's a Russian guy who was Russian
Secret Service for a while and oh yeah
like you look in his eyes you like this
murder Rutger has done some bad things
but he's the nicest dude in the world
he's like the sweetest guy he comes like
he always comes over and talks to me and
my family and he's he doesn't speak good
English but he's really nice about
trying to get his point across and
everything and but um yeah that that
guy's done probably scary shit yeah yeah
I'm sure there's a lot of that because
we compete with people from all around
the
world you know and you know we we tend
to forget that everywhere else there's a
lot of it's it's normal almost to be
like that in some places right to
survive and if you're a giant dude it's
probably the best way to make a living
exactly yeah it's so they just squirt
honey in their mouth
yeah they'll just poured like like a
whole little canister of honey and just
take that you see guys do that right
before they go lift and stuff I'm I the
way I grew up in the the way I did
things like I was always taught and it
kind of worked with being broke but like
a warrior goes to war hungry mmm that's
like in football I would never eat
before a game ever and then got in a
strong man and I did that for a long
time and I got off to 440 pounds and I
would I would do an entire show like
five six hours without eating but then
during it I would smack a little bit but
I would never eat a meal right listen
the resources it eats up your resources
right right and and and see for me it
felt like anything in my stomach just
made me feel like slow mmm yeah that's
what I'm saying
yeah cheese that's the same with comedy
too and I learned that from Katt
Williams watching the interview with
them just don't eat before you go
onstage I'm like that makes sense yeah
you better off being hungry right I just
do that to the best hunters they hunt
hungry yeah see you then but what
happened to me was I lost 80 pounds that
was 440 I lost 80 pounds and when I got
hurt in Botswana I lost all that way and
just because of the bicep tear no I
chose to do that I graduated high school
I was 370 pounds so I've always been a
big dude
but I got up to 440 and just walking
around was laborious you know just I
felt like fucking horrible
I think when you when you did that log
press that log press that was like my
425 ish for 30 mm when I run that so
like I gained a little bit more after
that I just everyone tells you in the
sport the bigger you are the stronger
you are and that kind of holds true to
static lifting like kind of it's not
necessary all the time but it kind of
holds true but we got a move man like
we're talking about pulling a truck and
doing the old events and all that stuff
when when you're 440 and your body
not agreeing with that 4:40 it just hold
you back you don't imagine their load on
your joints to particularly lower back
yeah
my low but yeah that's what happened I
got hurt and I felt like I was done cuz
my low back I'd have to take me like 45
minutes to get out of bed in the morning
really oh yeah I was messed up man
really bad and get an MRI I never got an
MRI and didn't I'm scared exactly this
fucking wrong fix it when I lost weight
it got better and its core strength for
me now core strengthen stretching and
also I smoked weed like a lot of a lot
of athletes are against it and a lot of
people think that there's some like
negative connotation with being like
someone who smokes weed but I mean I'm
watching guys take vicodin like his
skittles I'm watching I've seen guys
throw away their lives their families
their career over a bunch of pills
because they didn't want to smoke and
it's crazy you know and we actually
officially got world's strongest man to
take marijuana off of the drug testing
wait wait wait wait this is drug testing
and world Strongest Man every year are
they making sure you're on steroids test
you though make sure you strong enough
drugs in the sky Robert Frank is the
councilman he's a he's hilarious
Instagram guy I I can't recall but it
sounds really familiar yeah he's he's
really funny man he's like really fast
he's got this fucking hilarious rant
about someone getting the girl pregnant
and taking responsibility and he goes he
was I have to ask you he goes if you're
trying to get jacked and Dan what kind
of gear are you on that's a question
your gift you'll get your girl pregnant
you have got so much he's another one he
gets censored off at Instagram all the
time they pull his post and they he's
got a million followers and they won't
give him a fucking blue checkmark
that's ridiculous people understand
that's that's our livelihood a lot of
people that's social media is how we
feed our fucking family well also he's
fucking fun
but he's funny with because his opinions
it's funny shit man it's fucking funny
shit
and he can't get oh he can't get
approved and they they've gone through
publicists they've tried to get him what
does it recognize what is it called
verify verify get try to get that blue
checkmark next to his name it's silly
man I'm no how that even works
somebody's to thing they did mine too
much muscle yeah I mean well you can do
it because you're not making fun of
things making fun of things to talk
about getting this car stock pretty and
strong damage on it that's perfect no is
it's silly that they do that though you
know it almost I mean if you look
historically back every time they've
done that those people have got more
power like all you're doing is feeding
that guy so in ten years when you look
like the asshole that censored him he's
gonna be ten times that well especially
now that we're talking about them
yeah which is good yeah it is good that
this exists yeah it's fucking good I
think so a lot of people appreciate it
well I think this is a weird time what
you can't you're having people dictate
what you can and can't see or what isn't
is Val isn't isn't valid and that's just
that seems like nonsense to me like
we're moving backwards especially with
something like that he's being funny
like he's funny he makes me laugh well
I'm Alex yeah we are at the fuck man
even bad jokes man even bad jokes by
juiceheads this like it's fun
he talks about being a juicehead it's
hilarious I'm my first introduction to
comedy I loved growing up I was a huge
fan of Richard Pryor and all that stuff
a huge fan of Carlin I just big fan I
even liked what was his name Jeff
Foxworthy I love Fox which is great and
my first time I ever got to see his show
I came in I move into LA and a buddy of
mine brought me to see you and uncle
Joey and I was like holy fuck
I couldn't first Joe comes out there and
you can't even breathe he's an animal
he's got some shit right now like if you
get a chance while you're in town he's
got some new shit that we were falling
on the ground crying the other night oh
yeah
I'll come check him out he's the best
ever he crushes crushes no one no one's
like funnier in bursts you might get you
know guys who are really good joke
writers guys who are really funny guys
her like they're they're valid in terms
of our culture but no one's funnier than
Joey do it no no no the whole room like
it was like we were uncomfortable we
couldn't stop laughing you know he's so
damn good when when you went up it was
like so it was it's a whole different
style but it's like super like along the
way that I think about how like you're
introspective and comparative with
different things and stuff in the way
you make people like look at something
in a different angle and then you poke
fun of the way that you originally
thought about it you know that's at
least how that set was but it was I mean
I being in a live audience is so
different than watching a special on TV
oh yeah it's way better well I met you
in the belly room which is one of the
best places to do stand-up right the
last tiny room yeah yeah I did a set on
bail
men onstage once and I didn't know and
yeah the belly room yeah I went up there
and did it was story time and tape
Fletcher and man I can't remember who
else a bunch of people just kept telling
me like like just called and tell story
just go tell story and I was like I
there's no cameras in here right I can
tell a real story
but they got me up there and I did six
minutes they gave they gave me four and
I ran home for six I didn't know what
the lights meant I was just talking you
know I didn't know and I told the story
about being in China and we thought we
were gonna go to jail in China and stuff
and it was fucking hilarious what
happened in China that that year you saw
me in the picture we we got done with
world Strongest Man and we do like a
celebration we all go to dinner and all
that stuff and I was I was fucking
excited because I I was the only rookie
in the final so super excited so I'm
hammered drunk like you're in China and
the little things start to click you see
people all we're in like the the
Communists uniform like that they have
they were celebrating I don't know if
it's called communism day or whatever
but they celebrate that and and like
almost the entire city we were in Sanya
which is a little island which is like
their kind of vacation island and um
where almost everybody was dressed in
those uniforms and I'm drunk and like
I'm looking around I'm starting to feel
uncomfortable and we finally we get up
to go and we all get on this bus and the
guy who runs World's Strongest Man is is
a very old man he's he's got to be like
in his 90s right but he's he's uh needs
help moving around all that kind of
stuff
we get on the bus and we're setting up
and the camera crew left all their stuff
on the front seat which is which is the
older guys seat you know we make sure
that he has that seat you know and we
get in and we're trying to have fun at
all like we're nothing aggro we're
trying to be assertive but nice to the
the camera crew that they have to move
back and they were they didn't speak
English at the moment you know and there
they were acting like they just didn't
understand there they're being really
rude about it
and Nick best who's actually on the TV
show with me he came over and he picked
up the camera and he was like you're
moving and started walking back with the
camera case and then the guy got up and
started yelling at us in English and
he's totally knew exactly we were saying
the whole time and he's yelling at us
and freaking out and Nick puts the
camera down like towards the middle of
the bus and then sits back down the guy
marches off the bus comes back on the
bus with three cops three police
officers and Chinese uniforms and I'm
fucking scared shitless like I've heard
horror stories about Chinese prison you
know it does not sound like the place to
be and the guy the guy and the cops are
getting really worked up about the fact
that he touched his equipment and that
Nix called him an arrogant American all
this stuff like freaking out and the
police officer literally exactly nobody
ever believes this but it was like in
300 is almost fucking exactly he goes
this is China and he's screaming at a
bus full of the world's strongest men
he's fucking scared all of us into
thinking we were gonna go to jail this
is China he's screaming at him and Nick
best like kind of sits back in a seat
and puts his head down and realizes like
you know we better shut the fuck up so
we all like kind of tucked their tails
in and sat there and then the older guy
got on the bus took his seat then the
camera guy kind of pretended like it
didn't happen when sat back down the
police officers left but that in the
entirety of that that situation like I
fucking I could have swore I was going
to prison but scared to death yeah you
do not want to get locked up in an Asian
prison no especially China no no no no
not there and especially that spot
because like it was it was their
vacation Island but it's fucking dirty
like the stories you hear about kids
shitting in the streets and stuff it's
not everywhere in China but on that
island it was everywhere like the kids
just stopped pull open their little
shorts and take a shit re told me you
saw that in the mall inside people just
walk in the mall walking they just stop
pull their pants down and shit on the
ground yeah and I went what on the floor
yeah no that's what they do man it's
crazy it's so crazy so who comes and
cleans up the shit
I don't know I don't think anybody when
it's outside was there just everywhere
wheeling yeah you see human shit
everywhere all over the place and smells
like it and we almost I think there was
30 of us like 26 of us all got stomach
flu or stomach and intestinal parasites
oh I've been everything has got shit on
it yeah if people are just shitting on
the street there's probably shit
everywhere you touch they were burning
tires for their street lights it was
nasty man what's up the island it's it's
gorgeous too I'm telling you like the
photos the pictures Sonia Island is
gorgeous it was bring tires for street
lights that's and these motherfuckers
want us to switch to electric cars yeah
they're over there burning tires in
China well at least in 2013 they rock
it's crazy crazy world's have you had to
travel for strongman um I have done
Africa Dubai is one of my favorites it's
it's it's creepy sometimes like just
realizing I don't like not feeling like
I'm in control of what happens to me my
destiny it's like it when I'm in Texas I
feel great no I'm like 90% of the people
around you were armed if some shit
happens they got it my girl actually
like she rides horses and she manages a
gun shop select I'm straight you know I
don't have shit to worry about but like
when you're when you're in like the
Middle East or when you're in China or
anything like that you just have this
feeling inside you like it could fucking
go wrong right I mean but uh when we go
to Dubai we actually do world's ultimate
strongman in Dubai and we're gonna do
another competition that October 25th
which is it's the highest-paid strongman
show that exists it's it's a really big
show it's a lot of fun we go out there
and they fucked up they gave me the keys
to a Ferrari and I just fuckin went
crazy I went to downtown door like 120
there's also no cops too so there's even
I doesn't have any cops no they might
have a few like in certain areas but
it's it's basically they use cameras
everywhere so if you if you speed or if
anything happens or you steal or
anything like that it's all on camera
like there's literally cameras
everywhere
that's how their judicial system works
they don't use police they just say oh
well let's look at the camera footage
exactly lock that motherfucker up
forever yep yep and when we were there
like it was craziness going on with the
royal family and stuff like it was it
was pretty Tang I'm going back in
October it's crazy you look at that
place like what it was like in 1970
versus what it is now right like it's
some of the before and after footages
it's it's insane there's so much wealth
there yeah I mean they have built the
biggest building in the world they're
the tallest building in the world which
gleeful I shit my pants at the top of
that building not literally but like I
hate Heights
but and I went up there and like I
couldn't walk house it was like a
hundred and thirty I don't know man we
get on them we get in the bottom of the
elevator and Eddie Hall who's also in
the in the show with me it's me Eddie
Hall Nick best and Brian Shaw first of
all how the fuck is that elevator gonna
carry all you assholes yeah exactly
we get in they close the door to go up
in Eddie farts oh this motherfucker no a
hundred and thirtysomething floors
smelling this guy's ass it was horrible
and Eddie's the worst he's English so
he's eating my porridge drinking tea and
farting I will put tape Fletcher's farts
up against any man who's ever lived
really oh my god the worst back in the
day when he was fighting he's - I think
he just over consumed protein and then
he was legendary legendary he would
laugh was coming he would laugh first
and then it would come
that's the worst when they enjoy the
fact that he doesn't do it anymore must
clean his diet up he's never got me I
loved I loved going out with tape
because like normally when I go out
especially in LA or something I just
draw way too many weird eyes I feel like
I just like need to like hide in the
corner but would tape it's like the bash
brothers walked in right not as big as
me but he totally normalizes me right
so awesome we still gone into the comedy
stores my favorite man I used to go and
actually I saw a lot of the transition
from when you started coming back
and I saw the culture change man you did
a lot for that so that place
you fucking changed the entire culture
of that back room that's crazy it was
awesome man well that's my spot you know
I wasn't there for seven years yeah yeah
and you and I was there just before and
then just after and I should go in there
a lot I used to go hang out a lot and
I'm telling you just just the way the
comedian's interact with each other it's
totally different when I first went
there it was very like like oh well I
I've had this and I can do this and it
was basically like Hollywood at the
Comedy Store you know so like if you're
like waiting to audition for a
commercial and these these people are
all but telling each other how cool they
are that's what it felt like then now
now I mean not now haven't been that for
like maybe a year or two but then after
that it became more like like what we do
like we're talking shit to each other
and it's it's like it's a camaraderie
yeah it's not like I'm better than you
it's like we can all talk shit we're all
on the same level you know that's very
important to me that I think that that
it probably comes from martial arts but
it's also just my my own philosophy it's
like I want everybody to do good I don't
want to be the only one doing good right
I don't understand that I've never
understood that I want I want like when
I go on I could go on the road I try to
bring the best people alive I want
everybody to have fun I want this the
audience to have a great show I want
people to kill yeah and I try to help
comedians I really want to support them
and I'll try to get them all on my
podcast I try to tell everybody they're
great try to tell everybody to go see
him and well you see what that
cultivates - yeah everybody got better
yeah I mean Joey probably exactly the
same he's all the same but part of when
Joey became a monsters cuz he got all
this love you know and realized he could
just be himself up there yeah like when
they stop taking token all that stuff
yeah that helped but he was doing coke
he's fucking amazing yeah I can't
imagine him not me
I can I can hear him tell the same story
five different times and still crack up
every fucking time he's an American
original there's not a whole lot of
people like that guy so that place yeah
it's you know it's just insecurity when
people realize they're loved and that
there's real camaraderie and a
brotherhood and a sisterhood and that
you really do care about each other yeah
everybody like that place is all hugs
man ya know there everybody's hugging
yeah and it wasn't that way I know I
know every time I give you a compliment
I see you kind of like wince a little
bit yeah when people like like like
yourself or I'm the same way like
whenever I do something well and someone
tells me I'm like now I mean I should
have done this this way or at least I'm
always that I should one up myself guy
yeah but you really change the fucking
culture there man and you've made a lot
of people better the same with a podcast
they got Flint it was all thanks brother
thank you yeah well I feel very lucky
you know I'm a very fortunate person so
yeah I like to spread it fucking from
from where you started to where you are
now the hustle man that's inspiring I
always feel like I need to do more and I
need to like extend myself in different
areas and stuff I look at like so many
people out there now we actually have
access to and you can see like Jaco like
yeah this dude's up at 4:30 in the
morning and I'm like complaining the
fact that I only got six hours with this
guy you know like do you really learn
your level of hustle in reality versus
where you put yourself in your head you
like yeah I'm killing and I'm working so
hard there's nothing more I could be
doing and then this motherfuckers up for
hours before you killin it well those
guys they've their fuel you know guys
like Goggins him Jocko those got Cameron
Haynes
those guys are fuel yeah like if you
ever start thinking maybe I was Lakoff
maybe we'll take a day off that's you
look at Jocko fucking hairy gorilla arm
know that 4:30 on his Iron Man watch it
just says attack right it showed some of
that today is this lady that the the
clinic that I go to she was talking
about her boyfriend's into Jocko ago
she'd go to his fucking Instagram page
every morning if you see you see that
4:30 watch and that's like fuck gotta go
when I get going what am I
yeah yeah it's just but it really is
fuel like you feel charged up we're not
when I listen to like Goggins talk so a
lot of soft motherfuckers want you to
stay in bed fuck that shit
fuck that shit you gotta get up and go
Kotak stay hard yeah I love it I love it
it's nice man it's cool that we actually
have that nowadays yeah man this didn't
exist before I mean you think about
before the into the internet and
podcasts and social media and stuff like
that was hot you have to find that
inspiration hard to find yeah and
sometimes you'd think you'd have an
inspiring person in your life for real
at in reality it was just some shitbag
it was like just close enough doesn't
look like that right when you step back
as an adult you're like okay yeah
there's a lot of faking it yeah ought to
be fake like they work hard right
actually somebody was trying to tell me
the story I've heard you talk about it
on here about that guy who pretended to
be a MMA like guru or whatever and ended
up murdering his girlfriend yeah well no
he murdered his girlfriend's husband
okay yeah someone was pretending to be a
black belt and any rolled with them and
uh you know like when you roll with some
of there's no fake in it like with
karate you can kind of fake it like
there's guys that like art athletic and
they can throw some kicks like just like
learning on the streets just hanging out
with their friends they know how to
throw some kicks this is people that
know how to throw a wheel kick that have
never taken a martial arts class and in
life and if you see him throw it kicks
like wow that guy's legit right and but
you don't know unless you see him
actually fight so the problem with that
is inspiring a lot of karate sparring
you're kind of polite and you're not
trying to hurt each other you just like
and you could kind of fake it a little
bit you could throw some shit in the air
and fake it and touch each other yeah
but in jiu-jitsu you have to roll it's
it's you know the guys grabbing your arm
he's armed dragon who's taking your back
you got to defend correctly and Eddie
was like man I don't know what the fuck
is going on but that dude is not a black
belt and I'm like really I go like what
do you think he is like he's terrible
he's like he has nothing Eddie said he
was a CIA
was before Eddie was deep deep deep deep
deep in the conspiracies back then it
was like he was peril he was like in the
UFOs and shit it was barely in the
conspiracies he's way off the deep end
you got me into UFOs man well maybe it
is true I'm scheduled to have a phone
call today this afternoon with George
Knapp he wants to brief me all the shit
George Knapp is the guy that broke the
Bob Lazar story in the 1990s yeah and
you know he shares my opinion he's like
most of this is bullshit
most these people are liars most these
people are crazy but there's some real
shit out there too like a lot of these
Air Force pilots that they have eyes on
this fucking thing that's going 600
miles away in a second like dropping
down from 60,000 feet to 10 feet like in
a second ya know like I don't know we
don't know what the fuck this is we have
no idea how these things are doing right
and that's not some hillbilly like just
no talking about SAS exactly though yeah
it's Air Force pilots people who they're
trained to fly jets and have gunfights
in the fucking sky right these are
exceptional human beings yeah when they
see things like that you gotta go they
know what the fuck they're seeing that's
so crazy yeah who knows the thing is
like every day you can go out there and
look in the sky you don't see shit you
know there's nothing up there because
you're not seeing it but if you go to a
fucking Lake you're never gonna see a
shark you know I'm saying right like it
doesn't mean sharks aren't real it's
like you're looking in the wrong spot or
you won't you aren't there when they
show up but they're real so we have
enough accumulated data to know that
though there are sharks you know there
are real but they're not in lakes there
in the ocean here's where they are this
is how you find them go to South Africa
oh look there's a shark let's go say no
yeah oh yeah or um fucking Catalina off
Catalina
I'd say Tom yeah I worked at a Boy Scout
camp in Catalina and I was teaching
snorkelling and that was like the whole
time I was shitting myself oh my god
it's just the nicest water in the world
though it's so warm and salty it's yeah
you just float you know we did Fear
Factor out there a couple times
really yeah we did a couple of stunts my
hello water stands here it's a cool spot
we stand on the other side like there's
the hotels on the one side and
everything we were on the other side
it was awesome awesome I was like 13 and
I got so roasted my entire body became
one blister Oh stupid that was stupid
no sunscreen done none out there all day
long yeah so I don't know if you know
UFOs are real but it's it's certainly
believable enough but it's not like the
the sky is empty it's filled with stars
so do you think now after speaking with
them that do you think we've had contact
it's hard to tell thinking it's my own
opinion not for the listeners not for
anybody else just you when you're at
home and you're chilling do you think it
I don't know I really honestly don't
know I couldn't say yes or no I'm more
inclined now to think there's something
going on then I was before I met Lazar
and watched that documentary because I
was on that not that I was saying that
aliens are not real I think they're I
think there's a hundred percent life out
there let's just say that it's too big
right it just doesn't make any sense
that there isn't it's the question of
whether or not it ever has gotten here
before is the weird question and it's
also the problem is that you feel
foolish talking about it because so many
people who believe in it are foolish and
so many people who tell stories there's
their stories are foolish so you feel
foolish kind of going along with it
right but I'm very careful about stuff
like that because I'm like just cuz
something makes you feel foolish doesn't
mean it's true
mm-hmm you know it isn't true yeah so I
definitely think there's a very high
likelihood that there's life out there
and it's entirely possible that
something's gotten here before but as to
whether or not something really has made
contact with people I don't know I'm in
close if I would say like where's my
scale it's like probably 65 percent
believe yeah 35 percent going home
especially after talking about yeah but
what he could have he could have
experienced something that was an
experimental aircraft that they didn't
want to tell them right you never know
man I mean I just don't know what the
tech look I'm a moron like I don't
understand physics at all I have no
knowledge of propulsion systems or
mathematics and I don't know what the
top of the field in propulsion experts
are capable of today I don't know there
might be some shit that they're working
on
that they've never really perfected so
they've never actually implemented in
the battlefield or something like that
but they have some sort of a drone that
looks like it would be filled with
three-foot tall people like these aliens
that they described I don't know and
they're not gonna fill you in on that
if you think it's alien yeah fine it's
fucking alien exactly
I mean who knows what that was I mean
they they're taking this guy who was a
physicist from Los Alamos labs who went
to Caltech and they sent him to these
classes at MIT to learn fucked in
nuclear shit and then they try to see if
he can figure out how to back engineer
something they try to say that doesn't
mean it comes from another world right
it could have been a Russian thing it
could have been something that the
Germans figured out I don't know but I'm
more inclined to believe him than not
believe him yeah he didn't seem like he
was full of it exactly and just looking
at him he also didn't seem like he
wanted to be here he did he was just
like I'm done with this he was getting
migraines talking about it before I even
got out here is like I just kind of tie
I'm getting a migraine yeah and like you
know Jeremy was trying to talk them into
doing it like we're gonna be fine George
I mean uh bob is important it's really
good to do this and we're gonna be able
to really get the story out but I think
more more people told me that they got
more out of the conversation because
it's just him talking not no spooky
music no edits right and you get to see
like he's honest about what he knows and
doesn't know
and when he would say like what do you
think about this is like maybe I don't
know right he wasn't a bullshit he
didn't seem rehearsed rattle the shit
not him know what he was saying if he
didn't believe in that well at least to
himself what are you saying I'd be
fucking amazed and his story has not
deviated in 30 plus years which you
can't I've tried to have me tell a story
of something that actually really did
happen from 30 years ago and I probably
told it a bunch of different times I
don't know what we started the podcast
exactly it's hard to remain you my
memory varies day to day like some days
it's awesome and some days it's dog shit
yeah it's crazy how that works on yeah
have you've had a few concussions right
oh yeah that's a man yeah I I have
horrible memory but from football it's
like probably the worst thing ever for
concussions because you're getting them
even from body hits when
dudes as big as you or clashing into
each other your fucking brains getting
rattled around in there even if your
head doesn't get hit right and I played
rough like I didn't avoid anything
I'm sure yeah well that's a strength of
yours a guy as big as you I mean I would
imagine you would impose that exactly
yeah paid for college oh that's cool
no it is awesome it's actually the only
thing I haven't liked about I ever liked
in school like science and math didn't
really click but history it was all
specially you listened to Dan Carlin oh
yeah yeah of course the best just do
more hard you know the research that's
what yeah you know I'm embarrassed to
call what I do a podcast person what he
does he does is like a lecture he needs
to call his yes that's what it is it's
way more in-depth his his hardcore
history on World War two and World War
one and the one on the Mongols the
greatest fucking shit I've ever heard
the Mongol one I've listened to like
four or five times the wrath of the cons
mm-hmm fuck it's good he's so good he's
so entertaining too it's like if history
was that entertaining we'd have a
fucking world full of history scholars
right and we wouldn't be censoring
Instagram right now but yeah yeah Dan
Carlin is uh he's a fuckin man he really
is his podcast is incredible and the
fact he only charges $1 for them you
know he did that well he's there free
and then when you go deep into the
archives he charges a dollar a podcast
which is fucking nothing neither an hour
and a half long it takes a months and
months to do and he's really just trying
to make up for a production cost he's
not trying to get rich right he would be
charging much more in there worth more
man yeah I've learned more from that
than I did from college you know yeah
and he retain it because he's
entertaining he's the man and he's a
great guy too
I really love that guy yeah and his
story is interesting too is the old-time
radio guy you know did radio and then
was always a history buff and even says
he's not a historian it's like very
self-deprecating but damn
probably the most important historian of
our time exactly it's not for guys like
me I've learned more about history from
that guy than probably from anybody
yeah I'm sorry I mean probably Ted this
moment now he technically is a historian
you know I think is we should at least
give him that I mean he's got them yeah
I mean I don't know what you have to be
to be as I guess a practicing scholar is
like you think if you say it'll just
show it's official he's just he's
absolutely a historian boom Dan Carlin
you are a historian give that man a
plaque give him a plaque because a paper
some bullshit group of dudes that's one
of my favorite things about the TV show
is being able to like dive into the
history of the stuff like we did a an
episode in England we were in London for
most of it and this guy thomas topham
and he was a fucking psychopath person
like just a crazy person like he he he
owned a pub and his way of getting
people in was doing these crazy feats of
strength and he would he would go out
there and one of the biggest feat of
strength which we challenged ourselves
to do and we actually attempted a world
record I can't say if we broke it or not
but we took these giant barrels of
whiskey out in front of this pub
downtown London and we were picking them
up on like a yoke you know what a yoke
is like a yoke walk yes yes sir like
that so the crossbar goes across your
back and you pick up basically we went
though the world record we were
attempting was I think it was like
seventeen hundred and ninety pounds
something like that that's a car that's
a 1968 911 yeah exactly
engine and everything yeah it was
awesome man that's great when we get to
tell his story and talk about like that
my favorite my favorite thing we did for
the whole season was probably his
episode there's a an old tale that he
got drunk one night and back in the day
London police officers had these little
huts they would stand in so they could
be out of the weather
like on the side of the road almost like
like I'm an outhouse but a little bit
smaller and they'd stand in there and
and they basically keep watching on the
street being till the rain didn't get on
them there was the story that he got
drunk with his buddies and just to fuck
around with this cop he picked one of
those up with them inside carried it
down the street and threw him into an
open grave at the graveyard so we did
that it was awesome and we're running
down these back cobblestone streets with
this like we didn't use the real police
officer obviously but we're like what
the whole set up on our some of us tried
to do it on our back some of us tried to
do other ways you know but like we're
running down and all these people were
cheering us on is we're like celebrating
this guy but basically like drag the cop
doesn't zoom window graveyard is
hilarious now when you do something like
that say a stunt like that how much of a
consideration is like would you look at
it you go okay I think I can do this but
fuck I might get hurt doing this all
right almost everything everything's
like that like we were with the
Daredevils last night and the evil eye
evil life we did a premiere where I'm
like it was a homage to Evel Knievel
guys the guy was gonna jump a world
record jump but he actually broke his
ankles doing the testing for it so this
this woman came out and she she broke a
world record
driving through they have these
platforms set up with like boards on
fire and and she's did 13 boards that
were all on fire - Oh face first - him
why she was a fucking savage and she was
the baddest I I'm so sorry I can't
remember her name right now but um she
came over and spoke to me and like I'm
from Santa Cruz like you hear the way
I'm talking right now this is how I talk
like I'm not like super official or
anything like that and she came over and
I was like so what do you think and
she's like no no bro probably dry like
thirty put my face to the motherfucker I
don't know like that I was like this
girl's fucking Savage I love this setup
it was so awesome
he's finer Jamie what's her name - gold
golden Vikki golden she looks like a
regular girl she's not even a giant
she's very pretty she's normal like just
that she's putting her face through
boards yeah Jesus fish brush there was
so my God look at that fuck man
so that's that's the board's there
that's that's like I had no Jesus
yeah oh my god so she's just
accelerating through these flaming
boards no fucking 13 of them and that's
the kid that broke his ankle axle Hajus
he uh he got hurt like just like four
days before the live show well Evel
Knievel man they put him back together
again back when they didn't even know
how to put people back together yeah
yeah I'm his glue and shit screws and
rubber bands crazy
maybe he's helped Bonnie back you ever
see like the x-rays of Evel Knievel's
body I saw from the show I saw a little
bit of it I or the videos of him like
flopping as you see his ankle go one way
and his arm go the other way and I'm
just that shit creeps me out man John
was an animal he just didn't I wonder if
he was I wonder if it would take
something before you'd go good job
everybody was on coke back then huh yeah
yeah yeah what year was that I'm talking
shit I mean that would be the thing you
a fucking giant Bob right like something
some meth type substance yeah I was
talking to them about is basically the
same way they look at a stunt is the way
we look at a lift it's like this this
could possibly cripple me this could
finish my career all that stuff we're
good what do you got Jamie when he
jumped the Caesars fountains in 1967 he
crushed pelvis and femur fractures to
his hip wrist and both ankles concussion
that kept him in the hospital and rumors
that he was in a coma for 29 days mm-hmm
and kept jumping came back I think it
was six months right like that was they
talked about this I can't remember how
long it was but he was right back out on
it seeing you find a picture of his
x-ray I did it's not that they're super
old so it's not clear I like what it was
and I was just kidding he probably
wasn't doing any drugs just making a
joke I'll say it he's doing coke
drinking coke having a great time why
not
get everybody else yeah it was it was
for that for that specific lift that we
did I didn't really that's him as Caesar
huh hmm
Jesus Christ look how fucking pious on
now that's looked too clear to be nice
oh I met his son I met his son on the
set of fearfully made it yeah son made
it yeah oh what the front end that high
yeah that's Robbie Wow fucking crazy oh
he goes little man that stuff creeps me
out
yeah mm-hmm well it's just weird that
that was a thing like when we were kids
Evel Knievel was like the daredevil guy
like you know what do you think your
Evel Knievel right the toys and
everything man yeah I had that wind up
back end that would just shoot him
forward so you have to look at a lift
similar to the way they would look at a
stunt like it's it there's a high
possibility right and and in everything
from where you step those cobblestone
streets that was the sky yeah because
the thing itself was I think it was like
like 400 some something like that it
wasn't like crazy heavy it was around
400 pounds so for us that's not that big
of a deal unless you put your foot wrong
with 400 pounds yeah then all of a
sudden there goes your ankle there goes
your knee there goes your Achilles and
and the other thing is once once the
whistle blows and it's on and we're
racing or you're playing in sport and
like the fight starts or like the game
starts when the whistle blows all that
shit's gone like the fear is gone the
hesitation is gone I'm gonna fucking win
you know that's what I'm here for
so that that's what you really have to
like worry about that
so like beforehand I'll always walk the
course and just like look like okay I
want to I want to hug this corner even
if it's gonna take me a little bit
longer I'll be loose on this corner
because it's a little bit of a dip you
know stuff like that but you know I mean
it doesn't always turn out right well
first world Strongest Man Franco Columbu
just destroyed his knee
carrying a fridge anyway yeah which
actually changed a lot of the structure
of contracts that we sign now Franco
Columbu was in the world's the first
world Strongest Man yeah I believe it
was Franco Columbu yeah
yeah it was there was Lou Ferrigno
Franco Columbu and I could
Franco was this the shorter guy who's
gone long right yeah yes the guy who
used to blow up hot water bottles with
his lungs to make him explode right yeah
yeah which is crazy fucking insane about
a lung power yeah no that's like
longevity power - that's the kind of
stuff I really like I can't wait till
like I'm done with the sport and I can
actually do stuff that'll make me feel
good okay you know instead of like
waking up broken every day I'll be like
I can do a little bit of yoga I like to
hike that kind of stuff yeah you're
looking forward to a normal life yes
exactly what what injuries have you had
um I the first the amateur show I was
doing actually I competed Brian Shaw who
was on the TV show with us
he's four-time world Strongest Man when
I out of Colorado he was hosting an
amateur show in Colorado and I'm I was
in San Cruz training ocean sea level
went up to outside of Denver to compete
at the show and fucking had a heart
attack it was so so hard but uh it was
the deadlift is it was like maybe two
two months after I started deadlifting
maybe three months so I'd never really
dead lifted and we were dead lifting a
car the back end of a car and they made
it heavy so it was probably for amateurs
heavy is about like eight hundred eight
hundred and forty pounds something like
that so I'm winning the show and and I'm
doing it in front of four-time world
Strongest Man when they're who already I
had my sights on him like I was coming
for him you know like I that's like when
I first started I was like okay this
guy's the best this guy's the best I'm
coming for that guy so I wanted I wanted
to show out you know so I go out and I
pull the car up I do the first rap and I
was like basically it took 90% of
everything I had for that first rep but
like a meathead I was like I'll pull the
second one you know but it's four reps
so I go pull the second one about
halfway up my lower back pops and I just
let go my both my legs went stiff and
then they went numb completely I fall
forward into Brian's arms actually as
he's judging me and my legs were numb
like maybe two months straight and then
off and on for like two years they were
just so bad for the for that first two
months I actually ended up in finish
that show ended up in second place
qualified for Nationals which was my
goal so I could get my pro card
I went home started training for
nationals with numb legs and had to
sleep in my pickup truck because I
wouldn't I couldn't lay down and we had
we had a studio at the time no chairs we
just had a bed and so I would sleep in
my pickup truck get up drive to the gym
go train and looking back like yeah that
was stupid it was really stupid but
that's one side failed at football in my
eyes had failed once once I kind of
painted myself in this corner I was like
I'm just I'm just not gonna lose and you
never got an MRI no I didn't have
insurance oh you don't want to get a
look-see I kind of do I mean it feels
good now I mean I should take a peek I'm
like I need it I'm gonna go get my
achilles checked out because that this
current list last world Strongest Man I
had a decent pop in my Achilles and so
I'm gonna get that checked out but I've
been been really careful about how I
rehab stuff like that but you're right
yes I should check out my brother he's
crazy though that your legs were numb
for two years yeah off and on there was
straight numb for about two months
straight and I'm like someone could stab
you in the leg like like a sleep oh like
that yeah and it was sciatic it was I
against my sciatic his best sure what I
was told and so you know I figured that
other then after that I was in Africa
and I ripped my bicep off the tendon and
I've been getting beaten up a lot at
that point and like my first year world
Strongest Man it was so easy for me to
get to the finals I kind of just was
like you know fuckin you know it's is
whatever I don't have to work for this I
am the strongest man without having to
work for it and then got in Africa after
being beaten up a lot and kind of
getting my head pushed down in the sand
for two years in a row and ripped that
off and I was just like I'm done
like I in my head like I just thought I
was done
walking out by the river and sitting
there and just feeling like broken just
like I didn't know what I was gonna do
with myself or anything like that and I
walked back to the tent and the referees
were telling me like you know get your
stuff they don't want you that once you
get hurt you have to fly you home right
away
they they don't let you stay and watch
the finish or any of that shit they
believe yeah I think it's a liability
thing I don't know basically they just
gotta get rid of you but the the judge
for the show was like hey we're doing
what's called the Hercules hold and in
Europe are you gonna do it and the
Hercules hold means you reach you reach
out with both arms here like this and um
you have like a handle like basically
like like in the gym you know the RO
handles like that attached to a tower
that's falling and you hold it as long
as you possibly can and uh in my mind I
was like this is the last time I'm ever
gonna be here so I might as well leave
some fucking blood on the bar so I've
walked out Dybbuk and it's Oren bicep
off the bone yeah 10 the tendon so I
went over there and I'll just like fuck
it like let's let's at least leave a
mark you know like I had to do something
did you tape it up or anything
no what are you gonna tape up I mean
like it's like fully extended your arm
it's basically just taking weight
pulling you and it's so it's not direct
like curling hurting but it's it's
yanking a tendon further in up into your
bicep and I felt that creeping up into
my shoulder as I was doing it and I did
great I actually moves the best of him
I'd had that year you know I crossed it
and I remember just closing my eyes and
being gone and just if when I let go it
was almost like being baptized man like
I felt like all the pain and all the
stress everything I had felt like
build-up once I gotten hurt I just
dumped it all and then it took me it
took me I think it was two more years I
finally fought back I thought I was done
and then last year I made it back into
the finals I'm now again top 10
strongest man in the world
so is it was it because of surgery and
Rehab surgery and then everything else
was so beat up once I once I finally
stepped
I was like like there's no reason I
should have to take an hour to to be
able to walk in the morning yeah and I'm
like there's no reason why my back
should hurt from walking from the front
door to the car you know like I was so
racked and so I just started working on
different things trying to take care of
myself and I got back to worlds with
that next year actually I got back and I
just didn't do well because I hadn't
been able to do anything and then came
back the following year which was just
this last year and you know I basically
I've been written off it was it was I
was told it was my last time I was
getting invited because at this point
like you're done you know like it's time
for you to find something else and I
came out and I had the show of my life
it was I've been working so hard but you
never know how strong you are until you
line up you never know like what kind of
athlete you are until you get tested
right so I got I lined up and I got done
I just crushed when I'm when I finished
I loaded that this stone and I know I
was in the finals like dude I did
emotional just think about it right now
like it just felt like somebody just
washed all that away Wow no I remember
ripping my shirt off I am a fucking
showman I'll tell you that I had my
strong and pretty shirt underneath and I
ripped my world Strongest Man shirt and
showed my strong and pretty shirt and I
was just roaring we were in in Malaysia
and like everybody just kind of like
step back a little bit it was awesome so
what kind of stuff do you do to try to
rehab your body to try to get your body
back in the condition ton tons of core
work
tons of stretching and like basically
just digging out scar tissue is huge
it's huge like a lot of people use like
a faragon and stuff like that I went the
cheap route I took a Black & Decker
skill saw and I've got the stuff
attachments put it all together it cost
me like 65 bucks you know but like stuff
like that I kind of figured it all out
as I was going you know I just I there's
people out there that were telling you
stuff but it wasn't as easily accessible
when I was when I was first going and
now like literally now we have a website
called starting strongman
so like people who want to train and
figure out like what's the safe way to
start out or like if I want to train
like this but I don't want to don't want
to buy all the equipment or if I just or
if I do want to be the strongest man in
the world or if I just want to know what
what kind of type of lifts to use to to
like keep your back healthy to help you
use your upper back instead of your
lower back when you're pulling that kind
of stuff I mean it's all there now like
literally let that did not exist and you
just have to like listen to like the
sock on the cock guy in the gym telling
you know what to tell you know right
that's what it was for me like it was a
bunch of older lifters and I remember
just you know warming up is for pussies
and all that kind of shit
oh yeah old school lifting man or
whatnot listen to pussies
yeah you ever see a lion warm up before
it chases a gazelle I've heard that
nonsense before it's written was talking
that crazy it's crazy yeah it's crazy
I'm not a lion yeah if you have to it's
there but if you want to take care of
your body it's definitely better to warm
up yes yeah if you watch like a guy like
Manny Pacquiao trained like the I
watched him work out once with Freddie
Roach and he were he warms up for a long
time it's like 15 20 minutes of warming
up they said that about Ali that Ali
would warm up for one hour yeah so an
hour of his workout was him just warming
up his body just moving moving along and
getting stretching and rolling his arms
and his legs rolling his hips and and
then once that blood flow and then he
starts shuffling he starts hitting the
bag now he starts hitting the pads
that's more the older I get the more I
realize how important that is and Mike
how important it is to teach the the
next generation how to warm up even just
rolling your hips I only started doing
that in the last year and a half that's
crazy it's crazy it's crazy put all that
strain on my hips and low back my I'm
telling you forever and didn't even move
my hips in a circle like a figure back
do you ever use a reverse hyper I do I
use a reverse hyper I like to do a lot
of stiff like stuff I avoid deadlifts as
much as possible but like I mean
still computer can't crash and what I
did now was what a lot of guys do is
they use a suit I didn't know like
everyone was using deadlift suits and it
was actually protecting their low back
that's a lot of what his deadlifts who
does is transfer it to your upper back
which is like I went to worlds this year
and it was the first time I didn't zero
the deadlift at World's Strongest Man I
pulled it up and it was it was fucking
easy it was always in my groups and I
was cruising zero the deadlift like
didn't get it like a no rep like I was
the first time I actually pulled the
deadlift rep at World's Strongest Man
every year I've been fighting to get in
the finals and doing my best with one
arm tied behind my back because when
this event comes I get zero points hmm
but like I finally figured that out as
well I was I was still thinking that I
was close to retiring even though I was
feeling better but then I realized that
I'm so much stronger now and I don't
have all the pain so like I'm I'm almost
like peak age for strength too so I got
to give it a couple more years I guess a
peak age for strength they say but for
at least from what I've been told they
say it's like between 34 and 36 is for
strongmen this is what I've always been
told but honestly I think the longer we
study the stuff the more realizing this
like if you treat your body right you
can keep getting stronger as long as you
don't break things messing them that's
the big issue right people break things
and they have to work around those
things and they break something else and
they're compensating cuz one nice fucked
up and then the other knee blows out
because it's compensating for the bad
knees luckily yeah yeah I always tell
people like I know a lot of people that
have had ACL surgeries and they try or
ACL injuries and they try to not have
surgery we try to just rehab it and I'm
like god dammit just get the fucking
surgery right yeah you're gonna be out
for six months but at least you'll have
a fixed name right I know you're you're
bad yeah you'll be great like and years
can happen whether you like it or not
right in this way that year happens and
while it's happening
you know you'll realize like hey I got a
I got to keep my fucking legs strong I
got to keep all those stabilizer muscles
strong right and then everything else
doesn't fall hamstring hamstring
strength it's big huge huge and but
strength a lot of guys don't like to do
like butt exercises that's huge man it
saves your low back
and you feel better and also stretching
out the front end of your hips and your
abdominals stretching that stuff that
company you spoke about is so right yeah
they actually just they hit me up the
other day and they were like we got what
we really want to send you in ladies and
I was like fuck you have them here no no
they're sending me one so we got want to
give you right now
nice yeah give us a box of them I give
them to people I fucking believe in them
they're not expensive it's real simple
super easy to use.you I put them down
the ground and lie on it it's just like
kids in there mmm dig and it's not just
for the so awesome oh so it's for your
whole back right I use it on everything
I use it on my shoulders I use on my
legs
yeah I saw a video where this guy was
doing the outside of his legs and
everything with it brutal yeah but you
know what's my favorite is that timtam
thing that thing right there see that
that jackhammer motherfucker yeah there
yeah that's like a upgraded tarragon
yeah that's like even more about new
ones yeah that thing's amazing and they
don't die as quick to a lot of the guys
that world use those those are good
they're so good yeah
yeah although all that kind of recovery
stuff is so important guys I think they
could just work out and and not take
that time and recover right yeah I was
that guy though I wasn't you you learn
more I mean I when when I needed one
this ripped we this was the full tab
finally like my my tendon exploded it
didn't rip actually it exploded so they
were still look at when you were doing
the Hercules thing no no that that was
after that was after so that when that
happened it wasn't it didn't fully
separate so but when when I went home
and I was training down the road this
was like a little while later so you
didn't even get surgery immediately you
couldn't you can't why because first off
if it's muscle or if it's not completely
separated you can get surgery but this
basically what I'm saying is exactly
what's your same just a different time
period I this exploded off the tendon
when I was doing a world-record attempt
for an axel in training and that I I was
like I knew it was tore right away but
we had the pilot for the TV show we were
supposed to film in Nova Scotia Canada
this next day and I knew what an
opportunity it was so I said fuck it
I went took a shower and got on a plane
and I flew to Canada and in Canada with
with it completely torn knowing that I
needed surgery and
like like the worst pain ever we had to
flip a boat so like one of those little
row boats we had to flip it like a tire
then we carried three hundred pound
water jugs up a hill we did like all the
stuff with that separated and the entire
time it just felt like someone was
stabbing me with a cattle prod but that
one that was meat head but boy worried
that you were doing more permanent
damage though not on the bicep no once
once the bicep goes the only thing worse
you can really do is shove it up higher
so they have to Flay you deeper when
they pull it down and lays it hard I'm
thinking some fucking Inquisition type
torture device right but I had a I had a
great surgeon I was I was taking care of
man and it was it wasn't too bad how
long is the rehab to moan Oh three weeks
in a cast and then like he gave me this
like an arm brace that would like I'd
adjusted every week or so to wear good
more and more straight and then that was
maybe three months before I could use it
and at that point it's not like I could
go do what I was doing
it's at that point you start over Wow
yeah and it was my arm was like tiny I
was but I was pretty pissed off leaving
your arm Chinese how weird is that I'm
walking around like one like this and
the other one looks like it works a bit
like some IT company well you know bas
Rutten you know yeah yeah I met him a
few times box has what he calls baby arm
is one arm that's small because of
atrophy because of pinched nerves right
this is really it's really kind of
fucked up yeah it's like to this day he
I don't think he can hold up a jug of
milk oh sure like he couldn't like hold
a jug of milk in his arm extend his arm
yeah that's a guy that for some reason
didn't get a lot of the love that he so
deserves he was a pioneer Savage yeah
and one of the most like one of the
original technical strikers right taking
on dudes way bigger than him and still
handle them like hoist Gracie is amazing
and savage but he was doing the exact
same thing oh yeah
yeah he was just years later but if
hoist had to fight bas Rutten it would
have been ugly
but no the thing is like in the early
days boss didn't understand submissions
either so hoist would have probably got
him if it was like UFC one right yeah
it's um it's a crazy sport and the
people that have been able to you know
like pave the way like a guy like bas
Rutten yeah they were such he's such a
savage he would just shoot cortisone
into everything all of his joints are
all fucked up you just take cortisone
shots just shoot it into everything
well lidocaine shoot lidocaine into his
shins oh my god so he can fucking blast
people not feeling we had amazing
stories though we went to his gym we did
I did mas mas wrestling is like an old
Russian style wrestling y-you have like
a a stick and you each hold the ends of
the stick and try and take it from each
other ah
and we actually I did it twice and two
tournaments and I was the undefeated
American champion for a year and a half
but after doing it twice but we went to
his gym to do the qualifiers to go to
the World Championship in Dubai and he
came out there and he was judging and
stuff and I remember like I basically I
was way bigger than most people and I'm
like upper body heavy so I just lean
back and take hit and at the end of it
he walked over and he goes he's like the
force is strong with you son I love this
guy yeah he's got a great personality
he's he's a great commentator too it's
great at that it's fun yes it makes shit
fun yeah he seems like cool what's with
the average lifespan in terms of like
how much time you can compete at the
highest level for strongmen because it
seems like you're everything is so
fucking heavy it's everything is gonna
almost blow out right look how many
years can a guy expect to compete at the
highest level it depends on the guy
dependence we're getting better at
holding on to that kind of stuff and if
you make it to the top echelon salute
you're saying at the top level
I'd say the average the average is low
it's probably like a year two years but
if you just took the last five years and
kind of cut that out and did your own
like like study that with that five
years let's say guys now
are gonna average more like like three
to five years five maybe six if you're
doing good but then you have these guys
like like Brian Shaw has been doing it
since before I even know what it was you
know brian schatz four-time World's
Strongest Man out of Colorado he takes
his rehab seriously he's he like he
doesn't care about how much it costs or
what it takes like it's to him he's an
athlete first like he's got these really
amazing like cold pools and hot pools
right actually each other at his house
and and all the different type of
equipment that he would need to rehab
and he's he's always making sure he gets
body work done two three times a week
and when we're on the road like like
when we were on the road for me that
that's that was it was an education
because I was with Nick best who's 55
and he's he's still doing this really
yeah
55 oh he's just a savage man he's an old
power lifter and and he's at the point
where he needs help to get down to the
ground to pick something up but he's
trying to figure that stuff out and and
he's definitely gonna pay for it for the
years of savagery for sure but we got we
have him and then we have Eddie Hall
Eddie halls one world Strongest Man 2017
and he's the the strongest person to
ever deadlift
in the world he pulled 500 kilos from
the ground which is eleven hundred and
four pounds I believe five hundred kilo
deadlift and just straight stood up with
it like it was nothing looked around the
crowd made sure they understood he had
it like it was easy and then put it back
down you know that and a lot of people's
opinion that makes him the strongest man
ever to live deadlift - a lot of people
whose King then we have Brian Shaw four
times world Strongest Man and he's like
a mad scientist with this stuff like if
you go to talk to Brian Shaw about like
the trajectory of a sandbag or or how
you want to put your hand placement or
where you want to do this is that or
like anything that has to do with the
science of lifting he can dissect it
like basically Bill Nye the Science Guy
that's what that's what I always call
him it's a daddybo because he it's crazy
reminds me of debo from Friday and he
makes me look small Brian Brian's got me
by like two inches in like 40 pounds Wow
and when he gets tired or hungry he
starts to get that flex you know and
he's like
it goes like that Deebo calm down but
like I'm traveling the world with these
guys and I'm I'm basically picking my
little pieces out of what they've
learned and what they've done because
I'm very young in this game I haven't
been doing it for a long time I've I'm
still I mean I'm getting to the point
now where I feel comfortable calling
myself like not a rookie I wouldn't say
I'm Ivette I'm right about that but I've
got to learn like what Bryan does for
his rehab how many times he gets massage
therapy and what the difference is
between massage therapy and a massage or
someone who's a PT and someone who
actually is fluent in like deep tissue
or sports sports therapy that kind of
stuff you learn all that stuff and I
never took the time or spent the money
honestly I just I never had I was never
in a situation where I could spend that
money and take care of myself that way
it always kind of seemed like a luxury
and it's not like for them it's it's
maintenance it's like getting the oil
changed in a car do you roll out with a
lacrosse ball oh geez like one of those
WOD balls I just saw a softball yeah I
use softball cuz it's big and it's not
hard like a baseball so I mean for a lot
of people that's too much but for me
it's perfect and I actually do a lot I
try and get a lot of people to do them
on the front of the hips too because
it's it's nice like pressure point stuff
yeah really good or like an atlas stone
the the balls that we lift the concrete
stones yeah you just roll your stomach
over that and just relax and just let it
sit there and it kind of just pushes
everything back and moves it around you
know so I like doing a lot of us I've
seen a lot of guys do that with
kettlebells as well yeah there's you I
down on them and roll it over your back
because it's unforgiving it pulls all
the tissue apart yep exactly yeah
now what about food like what what kind
of diet are you guys on we all basically
the exact same thing yeah oh just a ton
of meat and rice and we do a lot of
peppers and stuff like that no one's
vegan no that one guy that Patrick with
the foxes name there's a vegan strongman
I've heard of I don't remember his name
but he's not like he's never been in the
world Strongest Man well there's there's
a documentary they're doing with James
Cameron where they're trying to
as being james cameron's on this vegan
kick mm-hmm his wife has a school and
they feed the kids all vegan food and
Arnold's a part of this too and there
yeah that guy yeah yeah yeah I know who
that is
he's not one of the strongest men in the
world he's a strong Landon he's strong
and I've said no disrespect I'm not I'm
not I'm not saying anything bad about
him he's just put that back up again
Jamie he's just he's I don't and from
what I recall he's never even been
invited toward snores man so it's
bullshit yeah I mean you can say a lot
of things like this guy say say he broke
a record in in like some powerlifting
competition that was in a guy's backyard
right and they call that a world record
and then all of a sudden now he's a
world record strength athlete because
his buddy in his backyard said so a lot
of that happens I don't know
specifically about him I've no no clue
where he's getting his his uh his
credentials from one meal a day see this
is ridiculous one meal a day and vegan
vegan professional power lifter to 13
2013 said the deadlift world record for
his weight class
Oh 672 pounds for how much does he weigh
though there's six seventy two isn't
even big for guys that are like a
hundred and fifty well he's only five
seven okay so he's smaller than me so
they're talking about powerlifting to
see once you get into powerlifting
there's so many little federations and
stuff like that everybody and their
mother has World Records and just listen
man
so this documentary is touting because
that's what I was confused like all the
strong men that I've seen are giants
right right like how can a five seven
guy I've never seen them anyway on the
circuit or anywhere and there is a
circuit like confirmed circuit with guys
like you
yeah Eddie Hall and Nick best we have
humans yeah we have the we have Giants
live Giants live is the qualifying tour
for world Strongest Man so to get to
Giants live you either there's like a
bunch of little Federation's that you
could possibly do well in and they'll
invite you or you know like getting
invited is kind of like the only tricky
thing get getting in but once you get
there if you prove yourself you get top
three or if
if like say you go to my first Giants
live I went to it was like stacked like
it was ten of the strongest men on the
planet and normally Giants live has like
three of the top ten and then a few of
other guys trying to get in and so when
I went it was topped all the top ten
guys and I got a sixth place I believe
but I still got invited the world
Strongest Man because it was the top 10
strongest men in the world there when I
did that so normally you have to go to a
Giants live prove yourself there and
then you get divided to world Strongest
Man
sometimes like we've had years where
world Strongest Man got pushed and was
filmed early so they had to invite other
guys but you can you can always tell
who's strong like you you can see when I
got shows up and and he's ready to go or
if he's just got show muscles or if he's
just a big chubby dude you know and it's
it's I mean you strap a guy to a truck
and tell him to pull it 30 meters you're
gonna figure that shit out real quick
yeah I can only imagine shit show for
some people well there because the James
Cameron thing they're pulling this guy
out as if he's some world record power
lifter strongman guy he probably has
invested he probably has some type of
world record I I've seen him because
I've posted videos talking about my
meals and stuff before and a lot of
people give me that like this guy does
this and he's vegan but I've I mean if
the biggest poll he's ever pulled is 627
that that wouldn't even do like that
would get last place at an amateur
heavyweight show in America but also the
other thing is is America we have way of
the strongest men in the world to like
everyone it's weird in America we have
these people like have these this love
for other countries everyone wants to be
like well here in Iceland they're really
strong or oh and Poland they're this and
it's like motherfucker we're strong here
like we're fucking strong like if you're
an American getting into Worlds is the
hardest way to get in is if you go to
another country it's much easier much
easier because here we've got out of the
top ten we've probably got four or five
guys four or five guys that are top ten
in the world
at any given time and only like three or
four maybe five guys get invited every
year from America so if you're if you're
getting in the world's you've got to be
a bad motherfucker or go move to Poland
or actually Poland's got a bad dude
right now Go Go move to Lithuania or go
go somewhere else
like it would be easier cuz you'd
represent a country with a smaller
talent pool yeah much easier what about
hanging out here what about the mountain
the guy for the game of the mountain
from Iceland yes legit he's a savage
yeah yeah he won last year yeah he's no
joke man he's strong how do you say his
name uh half-thought Julius Bronson
just calm Thor half Thor Julius Bronson
half Thor Julius Bronson bjornsen B
onsen yeah he's a savage yeah he's
strong and he's definitely legit no joke
you know he's he's good he got third
place this year he's uh you know doesn't
he fighting off Bell's palsy or
something he had he had Bell's palsy a
couple years ago and he's I think he's
almost all the way better like his not
to be rude but his face always had like
a little bit of uh like my I've got
these huge fat chubby cheeks so I'm
allowed to talk shit I guess but he had
he had kind of like that look on his
face a little bit already so but I'm
pretty sure he's he's probably like aw
I'd say at least 99% done and this is
that shit a lot of times it's stress it
can be an infection I'm I'm not a doctor
I'm just pretty not a doctor at the
moment I'm working on getting my license
Jaime the fuck is this guy here for it's
fucking done so all of you basically
you're saying eat the same thing it's
just a meat and rice basically meat and
rice potatoes it's kind of meat and a
lot of times its bison and we do it
sounds strong yeah I fucking love bison
oh shit how long you in town for two
more days
you got some way you can cook yeah I got
a lot of elk for you oh my god I love
you my favorite commercial freezers in
the back nice I shot two last year so I
really yeah I try to give it out to
maybe my weird weird go one of them in
Utah and
in central California nice nice nice
I've always been Oregon they got a ton
of elk on the Lord it was Roosevelt elk
in in Oregon their bigger body - that's
right animal man and the best meat this
through this but in my opinion the best
meat there is yes elk by far yeah it's
my favorite so good for you - yeah it's
taste so damn good - I've never had out
that I didn't like even if the guy
cooking it sucked it still came out good
yeah that's a crazy taste right it's
like people to think that uh that
venison is gamey like first of all just
because someone hasn't prepared it
correctly and they take care of it after
they killed it but - it's like not alq
no no the shit is always good you could
have an old bowl like a fucking ten year
old bowls been rotting and snap another
elk with his head huh and still taste
delicious when it's fucking amazing yeah
that's the reason why wolves are chasing
those motherfucker exactly that's
delicious so how many times you eat a
day so right now it's usually it's
usually about five but right now my five
meals are smaller like when we're going
in the world's like the last two months
I mean those five meals and then
anything else everything else just don't
raise everything I possibly can yeah and
um you know I try and keep it clean but
you just you just want it all when
you're in a competition how many days is
a like World's Strongest Man competition
world Strongest Man is normally two
three weeks two or three weeks fucking
savages it's so brutal so are you
working out at all while that's going
already just doing the events you're
doing the event and then you immediately
try and find someplace cold because
normally world's is in some exotic
location that were selling tourism - so
it's like Malaysia Africa we were in
Florida this year it's always some hot
humid place so trying to get people to
come to see it right a lot of it's a
tourism ad and um it's always beautiful
background right background fucking hell
on us you know it's it's brutal
yeah so but I mean it's it's part of
what pays for everything and none of us
really we all know to expect it's going
to be hot and humid we
just you know now myself this is the
first time I've had people come with me
like every time I've been the world's
before it was just me and my gym bag and
I'm just ready to bang you know but now
I have to for some reason I kept
thinking of a sock on the cock thing so
but now this this year and every year
forward from now on I had my crew like
my girl was with me and two of the guys
I trained with and they basically so
we'll be in our tent and like 400 yards
away is them lifting and if I want to
know who's doing what or what position
they're in or like I'm competing in a
group of five I need to know how many
points this guy just scored what this
guy has like I need to know all that
before I would have to walk out there
hot and humid find out that come back
and be moving back and forth doing all
that stuff if I want to get food
anything it's just a ton of extra stress
this year like they literally wouldn't
even let me bend over to tie my own
shoes like they put him on me behind me
set and I was fucking strong and shit
Joe I'm telling you because of
everything like the work to that I
really thank Brian Nick and Ed for how
strong I was this year
like just training with them and then
you know when when you're with somebody
like you compete just if if you and I
were walking to the door I'd try and get
that faster you know yes just the way it
is right so doing that for the entire
year going in the Worlds I showed up and
I've been going chest to chest with the
strong in my opinion Brian Shaw is the
strongest man who ever lived and so I've
been going chest to chest with this dude
all year you thirty other dudes ain't
shit I'm here to take your money
right so I felt great and having them
help me and stuff it just it all added
up to me feeling the best I've ever felt
do you do a lot of ice baths yeah yeah
yeah I didn't before cuz I I was
basically just pushing out and just
didn't wanna but they they you have to
if you're training with these guys you
have to they're not gonna let you slide
it's like that that Coach that's just
like yo you don't want to okay well
twice as long for you when do you do the
the ice bath because I was reading
something I think was Andy Galpin had a
study that he put up about hypertrophy
and how it how it affects its affected
by ice baths right that there's a
certain amount of time and what you're
lifting you should wait before you get
in an ice bath yeah we've all known that
for a while yeah I didn't know that that
was new information because a lot of
people are just now finding out the way
your body reacts after a workout like
the pain the inflammation all that stuff
you're supposed to allow that fat long
for us it's like will train normal it
depends on filming like because we'd we
worked 13 hour days on top of that you
know and you're not filming us fucking
exhausting it's like yeah you did that
perfect do it three more times you know
that shit's so crazy but um so normally
if we train in the morning we would we
would wait to ice baths to the end of
the day but if if we trained immediately
after after set like we got off set we
went and trained so be like six or seven
at night we'd come back we'd eat and
we'd like conversate take our time and
then we would go just before bed so it's
it's like I think minimum we would do
like like two hours or so and I know
maybe that's too long maybe maybe but
you know for us that's that usually just
that's our routine we we don't want to
avoid that stuff because that's kind of
your body learning how to deal with that
yeah I think that what they were
studying was the difference between
someone who did it immediately after
workout or someone who waited an hour
and waiting an hour was beneficial to
muscle growth right yeah and it's the
same thing with you see people like pop
and ibuprofen after workouts and stuff
bro you're supposed to feel that you're
supposed to feel that shit yeah yeah
it's part of the part of the whole thing
now when you're eating these five meals
a day do you have like a meal prep
person that sets it up so they have the
right amount of calories and nutrients
and yeah you're doing it I don't have to
worry about that too much
when we're on set we have caterers and
stuff and so it's it's super easy then
do the caterers like give you bison and
rice always like everything you need
everything when it's nice so when it's
that it's not easy but when I get home
see
you get used for that too so you go home
and you try and eat some shitty me after
after like three straight weeks of clean
food your body like what are you doing
well you know enjoy these parts exactly
exactly run my girl out the house
no you're bad what about drink what do
you drink
do you drink just water very water um
I switch to those like we when we're
doing like humid shit like when human
areas the liquid ivy we did those we did
those but and I got off a Gatorade and
switched to those body armors I was like
I was body almost is like less sugar and
it's just it's way better more
electrolytes yeah so it's only I only do
those when when we're actually training
and it's humid I I try them the best I
can to keep myself from like allowing
that type of stuff unless it's
competition like when it's competition
take the fucking ibuprofen drink the
body armor all that shit like this is
what you this is the moment you worked
for like you want it to be as smooth as
possible now but when you're leading up
into that it's it's it's water but when
I'm when I'm really tight on my diet
like everyone smile would be a Coke Zero
which I'm telling ya getting crazy it
saves me I don't get in and out but I'll
have this Cook said it'll be okay with
you know in and outs amazing it's this
is for everyone in Texas I'm so sorry
but in and out is a million times now no
they're in Dallas then Austin then new
braunfels yeah those water burger people
are there drinking the kool-aid if you
campaign water burger you got a compared
to like McDonald's like Burger King it's
been that's a different show like this
is this is the different ticket the only
people that fuck was in it now is five
guys okay five guys but if you go to
Austin and we're on it is if you go out
there there's this place called P
Terry's there's only three or four of
them and they're only in that area I'm
telling you they crush everybody I'm
Harry P Terry's just like Terry Crews
like GE rry apostrophe s and I'm telling
you like this is not a sponsor that they
are the fuckin shit and their fries
internauts fries are okay
they're not the best other guys have
better fries way better waiting fries
and they have better burger choices too
$5 weird jalapenos bacon exactly have
shakes right oh they do have shakes yeah
five guys didn't have shakes for a while
now they have shakes at some places but
they win but with the jalapenos oh yeah
I'll be honest and bacon yeah they gave
me more options yeah better buns too
yeah way better buns that's what I'm
saying but when you go to Austin you got
hungry now we left we left evil live to
last night in a limo and I was like
we've been here for nine hours we're
stopping in and out guy was like you've
never had in-n-out
I was like no I've had it we're just
stopping that damn Terry's bang for you
that does goddamn good yeah so good and
they're only in that area it was really
yep they need to branch the fuck out
that looks fantastic yeah whoo yeah next
time is that for sure yeah I'm in so
what about supplements like vitamins
yeah minerals actually a protein is
something I definitely stick to and I do
pre workouts depending on like what mood
I'm and what kind of protein powder you
I'm spoiled I do the rtds like they're
ready to drinks well like I'll get those
cases at Costco man Costco has always
got great deals but um I like to
basically use whatever is easy on my
stomach
you know like way do you like pea
protein hemp what do you like I've had
I've had pipi was okay it tasted kind of
funny
hemp hemp nice yeah and Saul was nice
and if you can for me like it's just
nice to go back to that like percent you
need to on it stuff no on it I get I
wish I had some here give you some no we
have any on it
baby we'll see it's always nice empty
man whatever it's always nice to go back
to the hemp like yeah for anything for
like if you're doing clothes or anything
like that it's just so easy to digest to
write hemp protein just like Goethe no
problem nice yeah it's my favorite yeah
and then so I'll do I Dupri's and stuff
like that I actually work with a company
called Nanna suitable solutions that
does the vitamins and it's basically I'm
gonna fuck this all up concussions don't
don't
that's fucking and don't email me
telling me I fucked this up I'm trying
right now I fucked this up got that
email Joe okay
the email Joe that's what so nananana
suitable solutions they take like
basically your normal vitamins and they
break them down into a smaller a bit
like normally the smallest way you can
you can
it's called bio like the way your body
ingested it's a bioavailable there you
go thank you that was gonna bug me so so
for your body to actually accepted like
the lowest we've gotten so I think
micrograms something like that and the
the sky at a San Antonio he broke it
down into nano grams and he's been
working with me I think I'm the only
athlete he works with he's a small
company and we've been talking we were
working together and I could just tell
right away I used to do b12 shots you
never had b12 seven you know how right
afterwards you kind of taste that that
weird taste in your mouth and you get
that energy or with him he has that
sublingual vitamins so like between the
b12 and the glutathione that I'm telling
you like the b12 it was just like
getting a b12 shot what's the name is
company Nana suitable solutions nano
suitable solution there we go
the prior Terry manufacturing process
allows for the molecular dispersion
without excessive heat or breaking of
the chemical bonds this allows the
vitamins and supplements to remain
unchanged and undamaged when they are
absorbed in your body fuckin um in
that's exactly what I said methyl b12
melatonin glutathione and glutathione
secesh nobody knows about chimera cancer
cumin I just found out that turmeric has
an R in it yeah I learned it this year I
learned that from you
that's like I thought it was you Marik
goddamn it was so stupid yeah we are
reptiles for sure you and I for sure so
I do that not small people out there
make it vitamins that I'm nanograms yeah
exactly so I just try and eat clean and
that kind of stuff you know and it's you
can we can always tell when our bodies
like act a little weird it's funny and
you can just backtrack a little bit and
you're like oh like I've been doing this
a little different I've had beer fucking
six nights in a row like just shit yeah
so most of the time it's self regulation
now you said that they drug test you
guys what are they testing for they test
for everything when we get drug tested
at World's Strongest Man it's for
everything it's steroids for steroids
it's fake everybody has to be on
steroids no I mean I don't know what to
tell you when there's one test a year
right so you don't test that test you
have to pass that test and they can test
you randomly to the randomly thing from
my experience the random thing only
happens if you're acting like you're on
em feta means feel like you're on feta
means they're gonna test you and there's
been guys who pop and fram feta means
after they randomly tested them exactly
if you're screaming at somebody about
talking sock and all that you're gonna
get drug tested so that's what I would
imagine that they would worry about that
when it comes to lifting right most
definitely I don't want somebody to got
dye on there right now you can't have
that and more like pulling that truck
I'm telling you they stopped using the
heart meters because people were losing
their fucking minds seeing that our
hearts were so high it was like 240 a
minute Wow maybe 230 yeah it's insane
you can get that high that's what
everybody else said so they pulled the
fucking meters oh my god dude that's
like a jackrabbit crazy huh
Wow 240 a minute fucking a does anybody
pissed hot for steroids I believe one
person got busted I would imagine I
don't want to say his name cuz I don't
know if that was for steroids or for a
meth
what I say what a call and let me yeah
that makes sense but I mean I have to
feel like for steroids are coming I mean
I don't want to like push it but it
seems like you'd have to be I mean it's
it's a sport where it's it's built for
bigger men but I mean there's a lot of
guys who have gone through and been very
adamant that they're not and you know we
get tested we will literally like every
year I have to explain to the guy like
yes there's gonna be marijuana in my
system and that's in the rules that it
says it's okay like I have that
conversation every year and it used to
be illegal
you should be illegal Emily got we got a
switched believe 14 switch I brought it
up a lot I don't know if that really
changed anything but I was like look at
these fucking gorillas you want everyone
here I'm vicodin and like I would
literally like all I'm saying is we
should be able to smoke weed I'm not
saying League I should be able to do
math or any other shit none of that like
well I think we're finally recognizing
finally as a culture that weed is not
what everybody thought it was we're
never in the 50s and the 30s and thank
God thank God because I mean people were
doing so much worse shit well that's why
that little Jeff Sessions cunt was
driving me fucking crazy when he was the
Attorney General and he was saying we
got a you know marijuana's good people
don't smoke marijuana like right yeah
you're not hanging around with good
people for not at all because good
people don't want to hang out with you
exactly you don't know what you're
talking and wasn't it wasn't a Hillary
that was saying it was she was gonna do
her best to keep it illegal yeah she had
some nonsense that she was saying to
that was I don't know she fucking who
knows that's crazy
if I was you and just being honest on
the show would scare the little fuck out
of me because so many people listen I
just be worried that sooner or later
like you know somebody for you just show
up Hillary just shows up the show
carrier like one of the Kings they carry
with the poles on the shoulders moves
the veil impeach yes that is the one did
you see that video I put on my Instagram
with that dude who ya with a Hillary
head inside the body that was so badass
who is that guy let's give that guy some
props cuz that fuckin animation is
amazing put it put it up on on the big
screen this
like one of those things were like how
does this guy even think of this and
where is he buying his weed because this
is not something that a regular person
thinks of is his name be bullcrap be VP
le underscore craap and he's got this
video of this Trump robot with glowing
eyes and one artificial leg moving and
the entire body of the Trump robot is
Hillary's giant head floating around in
a vat of liquid like a war-torn United
States soldiers marching with them yeah
at some apocalyptic post-apocalyptic
scenario but there's all these lights
and it's fucking amazing it's so dope
and Trump's body is weird and his feet
are like baby feet yeah yeah they always
get that they do their best to just fuck
with that like because it bothers him he
should have never acted like it bothered
him did he act like it bothered and I
think he said something about my hand
these big hands after they'd said it I
don't know that's the thing is every
every dude knows like if a guy flinches
when you say some shit you say some more
that shit flinch but they're the ones
who say you don't body shame I mean
while their body shaming this programmer
having look he doesn't even have little
hands abnormal hands rules don't exist
anymore has made this thing - gorilla
yeah
if I was Trump I would hire a trainer
and just get on the best juice - if I
had abs like that I'd never wear shirt I
go to funerals without a shirt on yeah
sorry bro you dead but I'm jacked in
town
put a sock on your cock yeah I don't I
don't think Trump has little hands the
regular hands but it is a constant theme
generous but that thing that people
craft guy you say his name beat will
underscore crap he's amazing got some
great shit on his page - that's really
cool goddamn look at that a giant kim
jeong-hoon robot there wasn't Trump just
a nude no a runner but mardian with that
dude they probably killed somebody
together I wonder if it was like the
interview where he let him try the tan
and they were listening to my Miley
Cyrus was a Miley Cyrus
what was it remember it wasn't my least
listened to in the movie the interview
yeah they were joking around and welcome
I don't remember yeah there's the Seth
Rogen movie yeah hilarious movie by the
way I never saw that movie oh you got to
see that shit it's fucking clips no you
got to see that one that's good that
movies like vanished like I forgot about
it huh I can tell you just brought it up
I was like oh yeah it's on Netflix I'm
sure it is yeah all those all those like
from super bad got me like I was a
monkey for battle airs so good at sex
when you go to college you won't be
sucking dick you fucking pussy I don't
know man but the scene Woody's just draw
a dick yeah just preposterous shit that
just like relaxed humor yeah yeah you
didn't care if it bothered somebody and
now he wasn't trying to be a dick but he
was funny
well what's interesting is that was
quite a few years ago I wonder if they
would even do that movie that way today
you know who's like 2013 there's the
movie coming out about three younger
kids than the super bad movie and it's
rated R it seems like it's right along
that same vein of like yeah he immersed
how many know thank God we need more
than yeah it's like the backlash is
stronger now than ever before but also
the appreciation of it is stronger now
than ever before too because people are
so tired of people being so politically
correct and so upset about everything
yeah you know like no one's telling you
to be an asshole but did people are
jumping on things that aren't even bad
right it's like I was I'm actually like
a little nervous about telling athletes
that they should smoke weed now like
that's that's nerve-racking because like
your whole dependent you're dependent on
your underboss and the places you work
in you do
so just saying something like that if
two people find that offensive and they
raise enough how sure that's a big
fucking deal
but what we're just saying is like it's
better than vicodin
it's better than Hills it's it's it's a
very much healthier alternative
alternative well you know what it is man
it's a tool it's like you can abuse
tools but you could also use them
correctly you mean you don't want to
fucking hammer nails with a saw right
but but if you use marijuana correctly
and you have discipline and you know
what you're doing the problem is that
it's been illegal for so long people
don't understand what the best way to
use it for is and what are the side
effects what is the you know what's the
paranoia what's this heightened sense of
awareness that kind of freaks people out
like how do you how do you mitigate that
how do you how do you get over what's
the right dosage all that stuff is
dependent upon information and when
people are lying to you about it being
terrible and you know making you fucking
blind and losing your marbles you're
gonna kill people yeah this stuff people
are so confused about it that it also
makes you more paranoid because as
you're smoking you thinking oh my god I
shouldn't be doing this right what am i
doing I'm ruining my life I can't
believe in doing that then you get even
more paranoid and then you're like I'm
never doing this again exactly yeah yeah
now what about sponsors is it ever an
issue with sponsors the weed thing where
would be right now the only people I
work with other than myself is that an
analytical solution so he's actually
working on doing the CBB thing and stuff
um I don't know if I'll be a part of
that because I'm trying to there's it's
so available now I just I'd rather just
find whoever does it the very best and
not not marketing right it's so
saturated I just take it for myself
actually a lot of people I I worked in
group homes when I was in college for
kids with autism
for for a long time and there was
actually this little girl who she had
this this it's not a disease she had
this I'll just call it a thing she had
this thing where she always felt like
she was falling so I'm so like she
looked completely normal she was
autistic and nonverbal didn't speak but
imagine all day feeling like you're
falling
so she learned as a child really little
if she would hit herself that people
would hold her so if you weren't holding
her she would literally she watched her
break her own nose and she was she was
11 years old this this sweet little girl
like just super nice and smiley but like
if you didn't hold her she just whack
right on the face and we found out that
through I don't remember exactly how it
came about but they they gave her THC
pills
they gave her THC pills and then stopped
she would walk around the house normally
like she was still nonverbal it's not
like I fixed her autism or any of that
stuff but with the whole symptoms of
feeling like she was falling which I'm
sure I don't even think had anything to
do with autism again I'm not a doctor
but shit so uh would they gave her THC
pills and she was like just walking
around the house smiling she would help
us cook she would move around like she
would help the other kids cuz there's
four kids in the house she would help
the other kids tie their shoes stuff
like that that's true some then her
parents came back must have been four
months later and their friends had
guilted them about giving her dog their
daughter weed and they stopped giving it
to her and she went right back to it
straight back to it it's so stupid it's
just ignorant people just don't
understand what it is all it is
yeah oh that's so sad I felt so bad it's
one of the things that like just rip me
apart from working in that field it's
just there's so much like there's these
little rules that you don't understand
we had a kid that would sit right and he
would just he would feel stressed out
and he would sit and the rule was when
he did that we weren't allowed to help
him up or move him or anything like that
because that was rewarding bad behavior
that's how they classified that so he
would just sit in the middle of the road
and we weren't allowed to get him out of
the middle of the road he would he would
and then he learned that if he didn't
want to do something if he basically
would stay in his room all day he would
stay in his room all day because he
didn't like they only work or he liked
was me and I think it was just because I
was big and jolly and all
but if he didn't like the person who was
working with he just sit in his room on
the floor and then they couldn't touch
him they couldn't do anything he just
sit there
he'd go days without eating or going
anywhere out of the room or anything
like that and it was all because we'd
put these rules in and put these chains
on ourselves based off of other people's
opinions are worrying what it would look
like if we did this you know if this
girl's taking this pill what does that
look like or if we're picking this boy
up off the ground what does that look
like and it was it was it was it was
like trying to help these children with
your hands tied behind your back
and I don't know if it's like that
anymore it was this was a long time ago
but it was just it was heartbreaking
I remember everyone was terrified to
work with this little boy he was 10 or
11 he's just a sweet little dude he just
didn't he got nervous you know and so I
remember coming in and one day I was
like you know what I'm I'm taking him to
go to a football game so I took him to a
college division 1 football game never
had an issue never had any problems
never sat down nothing sat second-row in
the endzone and like would get all
excited every time anybody came by like
the the cannon went off for a touchdown
it was like the greatest moment of my
whole like college career was hanging
out with this eleven-year-old at a
college football game it's people were
too terrified to even get out of his
room that's terrible that's so cool you
got him there though yeah I'd like to
think that a lot of people work more in
that direction after I left you know I'm
hoping then she was you could see in his
eyes he was a sweet little boy you know
and you know you there's I've never met
a kid that was evil ever you just need
to know how to how to work with him how
to talk with him well that's cool you
have that kind of patience yeah do you
have kids your own I do I have a
three-year-old boy oh nice yeah I'm a
little Atlas bear first one
three-year-old yeah oh that's that's a
fun age man they start talking to you
and they're running around telling all
the stories and everything at night now
he doesn't even like like we have to
read books before we go to bed because
when we go to bed he wants to tell me
stories
so he'll lay there and he'll be like
well this one time and he'll talk for
like ten minutes about some shit you
know it's it's so sweet and so cute yeah
Wild Thing having a little-person that
he made yeah people that don't
experience it's it's very very hard to
describe yeah it's like the sweetest
most lovey most intense sweetness you've
ever felt in your life yet the scariest
fucking most horrifying thing at the
exact same time right you just feel so
vulnerable yeah
vulnerable is a great word for it I also
have so much more compassion for other
people now because I think of other
people now as babies that grew up where
I used to think I look at this asshole
and I think how that asshole used to be
a little baby like someone's little boy
right someone's carrying him and holding
them and he just got bad information and
now he's all fucked up yeah yeah I saw
some homeless guy today I was a
stoplight he was wearing a bathrobe got
a bathrobe and socks on it's just dirty
yeah
fucked up and I was looking at him like
this that was someone's baby boy yeah
now here he is a guy in his 30s or 40s
whatever he was just wandering around
all fucked up and dirty with mental
health problems we're in a bathrobe and
my taste to be someone's boy yeah that's
us
it's good for you to feel that way but
it's rough to live like that
yeah well it's it's it's so hard when
you look at all the problems in the
world and all the people that are
suffering from poverty and disease and
strife and natural disasters and all
these things there's just so many people
to care about and think about yeah it's
almost like you can become paralysed
with compassion just as definitely just
looking at all the problems with the
world yeah and then the other side of it
the one that gets me a lot is like when
you see parents or you hear about
parents I haven't seen a lot but you
hear about parents who just don't give a
fuck it's like this is this is a burden
on me and they avoid it in digit I when
you look at your daughter's eyes have
you ever once in your life imagine being
able to walk away from that and fuck
that would that would kill me I heard a
story about a lady who abandoned her
kids the other day I just couldn't
imagine that she abandoned her kids and
wanting to start fresh left the husband
with the kids just left Wow and I was
just sitting on why in the fuck and then
the fires came and their fucking house
burnt
Wow and so then so here they are the dad
and the kids daughters and the mom
fucking jet and the guys there the no
house oh my god Jesus cursed man yeah
man it's uh it's rough cuz you gotta
wonder like what is wrong with that
person like we're kind of schizophrenia
they dealing with kind of mental health
issues like what is right how could you
do that like how do you not like you
think about what you experienced with
your son and I think about what I
experienced with my daughters and like
how could you how could you not want to
be there for them how could you not want
to take care of them how could you not
want to love them lets there's some kind
of disconnect man yeah what happened
well I mean you think about that poor
girl kept punching herself in the face
because she thought she was falling like
there's obviously an issue there like
what other issues are there
psychologically with empathy issues
detachments you know sociopathy like
what what's wrong with them that they're
allowed that they can allow that in
their life you know
almost too many people man that's too
much to pay attention to yeah well I
mean legitimately it's hard to say what
it is too much yeah it's it's hard to
say that I'm accept it but it is I mean
that's how a lot of people end up going
crazy yeah paralyzed from fear or worry
yeah that's where we comes in yes you
just worry about aliens if you have a
guess I'll turn around on you what do
you think about aliens do you think Bob
Lazar is telling the truth I know you
didn't look him in the eye because you
weren't in the room with them yeah wise
I told you I was I'm the one of the the
creepers that watched the YouTube video
I'm that guy right there I sit at home I
don't really watch much TV like I'll sit
at home and like stretch and watch you
watch these videos so it's I think it's
a whole new thing to it like it adds an
element that I really like like being
able to see miss Pat dude yeah fucking
hilarious the entire time I was like
like glued there's did everybody I mean
I've never before I mean when she talks
about broke dudes or great at swingers
you know I love his are re subtleness
like oh man he's fuckin well I would
imagine them that for like a guy was
doing such ruthless fucking explosive
shit like you're doing all the time like
comedy must be kind of important for
sure it's a huge release plus I mean I
like I like it and a lot of my friends
were that like I was friends with a lot
of guys at the Comedy Store so I was
around it like I even I saw about doing
it for a while I just I know I'd have to
dedicate so much to even be decent that
I just couldn't do that but it's it's
one of those things I like to date tried
it for a little bit yeah yeah I was with
him I was hanging out with him a lot
when he was working on material and
stuff I remember he came over and he
gave me this badass poncho one time he
just randomly came over to give me a
poncho and I'm like date yeah I think he
wanted to hang out and we were sitting
out on my deck and with the support he
was working we're just chilling he was
like it's so cool one of the what's that
quote it's better to be a warrior in a
garden and a gardener in the war yes
that's tape yeah that's tape yeah and
that's similar to you it's a lot of guys
like that you see a lot of these guys
gorgeous they're built ready to go you
know like if some shit went down like I
I would happily stand next to you you
know like I'd be I'd be I'd feel like
secure but you don't have to worry about
like if if you're come in here you're
not gonna have no fake light syndrome
and flex up one right nothing an asshole
yeah that's one of the things you do see
with fighters too is that most of them
in general they're really nice people
yeah since they don't they're not always
puffing their chests out for no reason
act like an asshole for no reason
they're nice folks yeah they get all
that shit out they get it out in the gym
and if you're a bad motherfucker you
don't have to act like a bad
motherfucker you just be you exam that's
why I wear pink chucks and strong and
pretty shirts and shit you know like I
don't have to hide right
directly well no one's disputing it
exactly exactly
mine they sometimes do who are they are
they even real that's the people I'm
saying I'm not a doctor for yeah but for
the aliens um would he think you had a
bet if I if you had a hundred bucks you
last hundred bucks it's it's hard I if I
had a hundred bucks and we were gonna
find out I'd say I'm leaning more toward
yes than no I'm not more towards yes - I
wasn't leaning before that interview I
wasn't though I wasn't before the
documentary that Jeremy Korbel
documentary bob lazar area 51 in flying
saucers mm-hmm before that I was like
mostly bullshit there's that one is that
one available that's yeah it's great
yeah I'll check that there's a lot of
old Bob Lazar shit - from the George
Knapp interviews where he goes over the
the details of the craft and he
describes it and explains it and what
motherfucker knew about element 115 in
the 1990s that's that's that's one of
the big ones that gets me that's one of
the big ones that's like that's a big
red flag that this dude's real this is a
lot who knows but there's a lot that
makes me go mm-hmm I know we talk about
this all the time but I so fucking like
Sasquatch is real I'm walking around I
buy all the little like roadside
trinkets and yeah I love that shit
I wish he was fucking real man it would
be nice it's I mean that's that's one of
the ones I'm like 90% sure you gotta
give you always got to give room
you always got to give room for the the
possibility the thing is that people
really believe and then go looking for
it they invest so much time and if they
start going crazy yeah like Survivorman
Les Stroud yes it's gone gone gone gone
it's out there in the woods
yeah he's got a pup tent waiting for
Bigfoot's not fuckin zippers yeah it's
weird man he's a hundred percent
believer now well he does that for
Survivorman bigfoot show it was like
when i heard a branch snap cut the
corner that's definitely a Squatch yeah
those shows are weird man because those
shows have been on TV like surviving
Bigfoot or Finding Bigfoot rather so
Finding Bigfoot was on TV for what eight
fucking years they never found shit
how the fuck do you keep renewing that
job I'm gonna breathe underwater the
shows called breathing underwater
can you breathe underwater not yet tune
in next week next season though we're
gonna try to breathe underwater another
shootout y'all just give us an offseason
we'll get this talking these scientists
they're saying no one can breathe
underwater
not yet they don't know shit Russ
honestly we south Louisiana we got a guy
he breathed on water if if there was a
Bigfoot no one would be happier than me
dead I'd be right there though I was so
fucking stuck man you seen it a cage
yeah fuck that cage that I want to see
it like in an anaphora destiny like the
mushrooms trip where he's like walking
and singing with him Oh Jack Black
speaker that's the best to me Pick of
Destiny I would want to be there I want
to want to see it with my own eyes video
I'd be like man I saw 80-foot tall
Donald Trump with a Hillary Clinton walk
it through a post-apocalyptic
Philadelphia you can't you can't prove
to me that video is real I didn't see it
I would I would shit my pants I don't
know what I would say though if I was in
the woods and I was camping and I saw
fucking nine foot tall gorillas I don't
know what you wouldn't I mean if you
came I'm not sure you'd probably have to
yeah cuz you'd be so you feel so stupid
yeah well puss I mean there's a lot I
mean say there is one out there there's
a lot of bullshit artists out there
telling you they saw some shit yeah a
lot of people trying to get some camera
time it can't be one though if it's
gonna be a real thing a living thing
that has to be a living population of
them yeah because primates don't live
that long I don't think there's a
primary that lives any older than humans
we're just we're just way into the weeds
we know it doesn't exist most like so
exist yeah as they like to get better
and better like using drones and
scanning the forests and stuff it's
getting less and less likely yeah I used
to do that as a kid that like walk out
in the woods and like look and hope yeah
when I was living in Oregon I was like
Hells Canyon is probably one of the
least explored parts of Oregon if he was
anyway he'd be up there you know well
there's some dense ass thick forests in
the Pacific Northwest which is one of
the reasons why I think it's so
attractive yeah because like you think
like man
could be in here no one knows like you
go outside of Philadelphia or excuse me
Seattle when you go into like you know
what is it what's the mountain out there
what's the Sat Helen say no it's the one
that blue but there's another one that
anyway those big-ass mountains filled
with soup there's the trees are so dense
it's like a box of q-tips yeah just one
after the other bang bang bang bang bang
and the forest floor is all pine needles
so that nothing would leave a footprint
right and then you looked like what if
you saw something 30 yards away it could
disappear instantly left right you
wouldn't know where the fuck it is you'd
never find it and it could it could be
out there so I think that also leads to
this this delusional idea that it might
be alive right but I think it definitely
was a real thing back in the day yeah
they have that Gigantopithecus know that
they proven was a real bipedal hominid
that existed as recently as a hundred
thousand years ago and in America no it
was in Asia they found it in an
apothecary shop there was an
anthropologist who's in an apothecary
found teeth and he was like what the
fuck is this and they said we found
these he's like where did you find these
because he recognized his primary teeth
and then they start digging they found
jaw bones that were indicative of a
bipedal hominid because of the shape of
the jawbone they could tell the
difference between like the way a
gorilla's bones are shaped and the way
ours are know and they think it was in
the orangutan family and that it was
enormous some enormous fucking 8 to 10
foot tall bipedal ape yeah so stories
that build in buildings yes that's
probably where the lore and the legend
comes from you never seen like a picture
of what it looks like I know I remember
you talking about it on here I don't
remember um if I saw a picture yeah you
get to find it on Google there's
pictures of it standing next to like a
standard you know what six foot tall man
like what I'm a regular-sized man would
be like standing next to this giant ass
fucking gorilla really did live they
really did live and it lived alongside
people while people were real people
they know at least a hundred thousand
years ago it was alive that's that's
what it looked like oh shit
yeah that's a
depiction of them this said there's a
few different versions of that we'll get
that others with the want the arm up in
the air Jamie in the lower right hand
corner no no no go go up up go see those
pictures I see that when you have those
little pictures and the little windows
below it see the one with his arm up in
the air yeah click that one that's the
one that's what it looked like
I should will fuck you up yeah probably
super fast but see how it's kind of like
a Ranga tan looking doesn't they think
they think it was kind of a member of
the orangutan family who's like my dad
but it was a real thing but it's just
funny how like we want those things to
be real yeah we want mysteries to be
real yeah it's part of the reasons why
you have to really worry or wonder
whether or not someone's telling the
truth because the desire for something
to be real so strong like UFOs
you know the same thing people want to
believe God so hard to be objective what
about with all that stuff hotep was
saying on here because like a lot of it
he sounds like way more intelligent than
I was expecting when I first turned it
on I didn't really know much about him
but they mean about Africans traveling
the world in boats well about them being
in America first or about them like
giving that technology to Rome I know he
said a lot of stuff that like I mean
obviously again I'm a meathead right I'm
not like the smartest man on the planet
but he's made a lot of sense from what
he was saying well for sure when people
think about Africa they forget about
Egypt right and Egypt is one of the most
fascinating and absolutely spectacularly
advanced civilizations of all time we
have no idea how they built those
structures there's all the speculation
but especially like the Great Pyramid
this is a stunning technological and
physical accomplishment that to this day
baffles people yeah that's Africa so
those people at boats and we don't even
know how long I mean Graham Hancock
believes and so does Robert Schoch and
John Anthony West when he was alive
believes that those people were building
those things tens of thousands of years
ago yeah that that is like a
spectacularly creative and innovative
society that was most likely wiped out
by some sort of global
Cataclysm around 12,000 years ago and
then everything after that was a
rebuilding of past knowledge right so it
makes sense if they had traveled to
South South parts of America and then
just basically everything got wiped out
and so wait they're there working from
fresh start in America and then over on
this side they don't have the
information about that because they all
got wiped out well it certainly makes
sense if you look at the Olmecs those
giant stone heads that look like African
faces when they look exactly like
Africans and these are heads that came
from thousands and thousands of years
ago in a civilization the Olmecs that
they know very little about mm-hmm yeah
I felt like I felt like I was crazy for
thinking he wasn't crazy some of the
shit he was saying but it's like the the
history of humans is something that
becomes more it unveils itself over time
and the more they're starting to find
new things like there is something of
the low there's some ancient castle that
they just discovered that used to be
underwater
that's like 3,500 years old you know I'm
talking about like the receding flood
water yeah yeah yeah yeah they felt like
what the fuck is this they don't like
they don't even know what it is
so 3,500 years ago long before Europeans
ever came to America these people had
built this fucking castle is now
underwater you like to see levels rise
and fall that's it
yeah where is the things in Iraq oh yeah
it is in Iraq yeah so they found these
ancient now Iraq is also where sumar
was that's the the earliest known
civilization in terms of the earliest
known writing the earliest known
agriculture and mathematics that's
sumar that's epic of gilgamesh all that
shit came from that part of the world so
there's all sorts of stuff that was
probably lost in that you know thousands
and thousands of years of history it's
amazing it's so fascinating to be there
just like I like this place that I was
in in Italy there's a church in Ravello
that's a thousand years old and below
the church there's a glass floor of the
church there's pictures of it on my
Instagram it's a glass floor of the
church and below the glass for is
another church that's so old they don't
even know
it was built Oh so it's more that that's
it that's from my my Instagram so
fucking cool so that that they have it's
like blocked off and they put a glass
floor over it so you could look down and
see it because they don't want you know
people to tread on it and fuck with it
but the church itself they just the the
church that you could walk around in is
a thousand years old right you know and
we're working off information that's
basically just been since we started
writing things down yeah we've got this
little short time period where we
started writing things down I mean
acting almost as though that was the
beginning of time and you have to take
people's word for exactly exactly old
pictures no video the same thing with
the aliens and the Sasquatch there's
some things that you want to believe so
you throw that in there yeah and history
was written by the winners
exactly so a bunch of lion assholes it
killed everybody the chance my friend my
son loves that song between that woman
we will rock you
yeah we were in a limo yesterday it was
like put on we will rock you so I'm
cranking we will rock to my
three-year-olds in the back deal boom
boom when you think about fucking
classic songs man Queen had a gang
classic songs that just worldwide to
this day that are used at basketball
games and football games all over the
world yeah yeah huge such an icon yeah
Jon Jones came out to we are the
champions yeah this will this last one
yeah
nice I didn't get to see the fights how
did I know John went to was a split
decision man fuckin Thiago Santos is
dangerous he hit John with some big
shots fucked his legs up with kicks to
the point what John had to be carried
out yeah when he when he walked out of
the Octagon they were carrying him
couldn't walk his legs were fucked up
that guy kicked the shit out of his legs
and Thiago blew his knee out somewhere
in the first we believe threw a kick and
blew his ACL out but never even winced
dude you hobbled around on that knee and
just kept throwing kicks with it and
everything that's yeah crazy it was an
awesome fight you think
he fought again this is I'm not
projecting anything I didn't get to see
the fight did he fight well enough to
suffer an extensive damage to left knee
surgery are out for the rest of $2,000
well there goes the question you think
you earned another shot well he he
definitely did he proved he is worthy
yeah he had a split decision what
what's a complete ligament torn in his
left knee oh yeah there you go yeah I
kind of we kind of saw it looking at it
yeah shows left knee meniscus and all
his ligaments are completely torn Wow
the meniscus and all the ligaments
that's Jesus Christ he still stood in
there for four fucking rounds he needed
surgery on his right knee
earlier this year also suffered damage
during the fight as he compensated for
his left knee oh man
so he doesn't even know if he might need
tests on his right knee as well but you
know what the good news is the UFC
doctors are the top of the food chain
they'll fill that motherfucker up with
stem cells and mm-hmm
do everything they can to rebuild some
of that inner tissue good he deserves it
yeah if you're gonna stand in there and
put it all in line like that you know
give that man his fucking stem cells if
they fight again Jon Jones fucking power
doubles him takes him to the Brussels
yeah I mean I think I don't I was
shocked that he didn't do it
I saw I've read enough it was on his
pager on the one like MMA junkie or
something but he said that he it was
pride he didn't want to do that cuz yeah
that's crazy that's John though but
pride almost cost him the title yeah
like what if Thiago clipped him and
dropped him in the third round and then
he won that round on all the judges
scorecards and then he won a decision
yeah he almost lost the title because
crazy I mean I don't I don't agree
necessarily with the guy who give it to
gave it to Thiago I'd have to watch it
and see how they thought it and because
when you when you call in a fight I'm
trying to be entertaining I'm looking
for patterns but I'm not really scoring
it right to score it I think you have to
do with silence right yeah so I'd have
to see whether or not I agreed with them
but it was definitely close was
definitely interesting a lot more
interesting a lot of people thought a
lot of people thought John was going to
blow them out of the wall that's what
expect me now I've messed around just
like you know like broke like like uh
pushing him around him stuff like that
and he's way stronger than I would
expect
oh he's strong it's fuck laughs shit he
took Daniel Cormier down you know yeah
there's a motherfucker dude in I think
when he goes up to heavyweight he's
gonna be even stronger and I think
that's probably what's gonna happen next
with John oh yeah he fucking should yeah
yeah when Ash deepen the Dana fighting
that's out here in August honors that is
yeah that's in August and that's at
Anaheim yeah DC and steep a - that
should be very interesting - I don't
even know who to root for cuz I fucking
love steeper yeah but like I I've got a
lot I I feel like I have to love Daniel
cuz everyone else for no fucking reason
doesn't like they do now you think
they're more he's getting my loves
turned Goods turn cuz he fucking
deserves it you know I mean he's he's a
bad motherfucker
especially knocked out steep a with one
punch that turned the time nice good
good friend when he beat Anthony Johnson
that turned the tide people get it now
for a while though they were like
looking at him like he's illegitimate
yeah oh that's absurd
yeah well welcome to the world of MMA
Pettis versus Diaz is on that car - oh
yeah Yoel Romero versus pollo Costa whoo
all right brother let's wrap this up 33
o'clock I've been doing this for three
hours Jersey Tom so tell people again
when the show is on the history
challenge we're on Wednesday nights its
strongest man in history with me myself
and Eddie Hall Brian Shaw Nick best you
can check me out on Instagram just
Robert Oberst
over your ass - so beautiful thank you
brother
that was awesome man a lot of fun thank
you very much bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]